As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2018 Registration No. 333-_________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE SOUL ENTERTAINMENT, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 7819 81- 2560811 (State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Classification Code Number) Identification Number) 132 E. Putnam Avenue, Floor 2W Cos Cob, CT 06807 (203) 861-4000 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) William J. Rouhana, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. 132 E. Putnam Avenue, Floor 2W Cos Cob, CT 06807 ((203) 861-4000 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: David Alan Miller, Esq. Jeffrey C. Selman, Esq. Brian L. Ross, Esq. Samuel E. Feigin. Esq. Graubard Miller Crowell & Moring LLP The Chrysler Building 3 Embarcadero Center 405 Lexington Avenue San Francisco, CA 94111 New York, New York 10174 Telephone: (415) 365-7442 Telephone: (212) 818-8800 Facsimile: (212) 818-8881 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Proposed Proposed Numbe r Maximum Maximum of shares Offering Price Aggregate Amount of Title of each Class of Security being registered being Registered Per Security (2) Offering Price (1) Registration Fee Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (1) 1,150,000 $ 25.00 $ 28,750,000 $ 3,579.38 Total $ 28,750,000 $ 3,579.38 ____________________ (1) The number of shares includes 150,000 shares to cover the exercise of the over-allotmment option granted to the underwriters. (2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state or jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED [●], 2018 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. 1,000,000 Shares of [ • ]% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock $25.00 per Share Liquidation Preference $25.00 per Share ______________________ This is an offering of 1,000,000 shares of our [ • ]% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, which we refer to as the “Series A Preferred Stock.” Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby are cumulative from the first day of the calendar month in which they are issued and will be payable on the fifteenth day of each calendar month, when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Dividends will be payable out of amounts legally available therefor at a rate equal to [ • ]% per annum per $25.00 of stated liquidation preference per share, or $[ • ] per share of Series A Preferred Stock per year. The Series A Term Preferred Stock has been assigned a rating of “BBB(-)” by Egan-Jones Ratings Co. See “ Description of Series A Term Preferred Stock—Credit Rating of our Series A Preferred Stock.” Commencing on [ • ] 2020, or earlier upon a Change of Control as defined in this prospectus, we may redeem, at our option, the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at a cash redemption price equal to (i) $25.75 per share (103% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2020 and prior to [ • ] 2021, (ii) $25.50 per share (102% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2021 and prior to [ • ] 2022, and (iii) $25.25 per share (101% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2022 and prior to [ • ] 2023, and $25.00 per share thereafter, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity, will not be subject to any sinking fund or other mandatory redemption, and will not be convertible into or exchangeable for any of our other securities. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock generally will have no voting rights except for certain limited voting rights in circumstances where dividends payable on the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for eighteen or more consecutive or non-consecutive monthly dividend periods. We will be restricted in our ability to issue or create any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends or distributions, so long as the Series A Preferred Stock is outstanding, unless holders of at least 66.67% of the then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock consent to same. See “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Voting Rights. ” Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our Series A Preferred Stock and no shares of our Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding. We will apply to have our Series A Preferred Stock listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “CSSEP.” We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and have elected to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements for this prospectus and future filings. Investing in our Series A Preferred Stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors beginning on page 14 of this prospectus and the risk factors incorporated by reference into this prospectus before purchasing any of the Series A Preferred Stock offered by this prospectus. _____________________ NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY OTHER REGULATORY BODY HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. Per Share Total Public offering price $ 25.00 $ 25,000,000 Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) $ 1.50 $ 1,500,000 Proceeds, before expenses, to us $ 23.50 $ 23,500,000 (1) See “ Underwriting ” for a description of the compensation payable to the underwriters; including reimbursable expenses. We have granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to 150,000 additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock solely to cover over-allotments, if any. If the underwriters exercise the option in full, the total underwriting discounts and commissions payable by us will be $1,725,000, and total proceeds to us before expenses will be $27,025,000. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares against payment in New York, New York on or about [ • ] 2018. Sole Book-running Manager Ladenburg Thalmann Co-Managers Northland Capital Markets The Benchmark Company The date of this prospectus is [ • ], 2018 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1 THE OFFERING 9 RISK FACTORS 14 USE OF PROCEEDS 27 CAPITALIZATION 27 DESCRIPTION OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK 29 DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 35 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 45 UNDERWRITING 50 LEGAL MATTERS 52 EXPERTS 52 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 52 INCORPORATION OF INFORMATION BY REFERENCE 53 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES 53 You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated into this prospectus. Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectuses we have prepared. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the securities offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus is current only as of its date. You should also read this prospectus together with the additional information described under “ Where You Can Find More Information ” and “ Incorporation of Information by Reference .” i SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, including the sections entitled “ Prospectus Summary ,” “ Risk Factors ” and “ Use of Proceeds ,” as well as the information we incorporate herein by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (“2017 10-K”), and from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018 (“2018 10-Q”), and other documents, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expectations, intentions and strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “target,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on our company and its subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “ Risk Factors .” New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all the risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, risks and uncertainties relating to: · our limited operating history; · our financial performance, including our ability to generate revenue; · our inability to pay dividends if we fall out of compliance with our loan covenants in the future and then are prohibited by our bank lender from paying dividends · ability of our content offerings to achieve market acceptance; · success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; · potential ability to obtain additional financing when and if needed; · ability to protect our intellectual property; · ability to complete strategic acquisitions; · ability to manage growth and integrate acquired operations; · potential liquidity and trading of our securities; · regulatory or operational risks; · downward revisions to, or withdrawals of, our credit ratings by third-party rating agencies; · our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; and · the time during which we will be an Emerging Growth Company (“EGC”) under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity or performance. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this prospectus. These cautionary statements should be considered with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the U.S., we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to reflect actual results, later events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or other investments or strategic transactions we may engage in. ii CERTAIN CORPORATE INFORMATION AND DEFINITIONS Our company, Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc., is referred to in this prospectus as “CSSE,” the “Company,” or “we” or similar pronouns. References to: · “CSS Productions” means Chicken Soup for the Soul Productions, LLC, our immediate parent; · “CSS” means Chicken Soup for the Soul, LLC, our intermediate parent company; · “CSS Holdings” means Chicken Soup for the Soul Holdings, the parent company of CSS and our ultimate parent company; · “Screen Media” means Screen Media Ventures, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of CSSE; and · “A Plus” means A Sharp Inc. (d/b/a A Plus), an operating subsidiary owned 75% by CSS, 23% by Ashton Kutcher and 2% by other stockholders. iii PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following summary highlights selected information contained in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information that may be important to you. You should read the more detailed information contained in this prospectus, including but not limited to, the risk factors beginning on page 14, together with the additional information described under the section of this prospectus entitled “ Where You Can Find Additional Information .” Overview CSSE is a growing media company building online video on-demand (“VOD”) networks that provide positive and entertaining video content for all screens. We also curate, produce and distribute long and short-form video content that brings out the best of the human spirit, and distribute the online content of our affiliate, A Plus. We are aggressively growing our business through a combination of organic growth, licensing and distribution arrangements, acquisitions and strategic relationships. We are also expanding our partnerships with sponsors, television networks and independent producers. Our subsidiary, Screen Media, is a leading global independent television and film distribution company, which owns one of the largest independently owned television and film libraries. We also own Popcornflix ® , a popular online advertiser-supported VOD (“AVOD”) network, and four additional AVOD networks, which collectively have rights to exhibit thousands of movies and television episodes. We have an exclusive, perpetual and worldwide license agreement (“CSS License Agreement”) with our intermediate parent, CSS, a publishing and consumer products company, to create and distribute video content under the Chicken Soup for the Soul ® brand (the “Brand”). We operate in three areas: · Online Networks. In this segment, we distribute and exhibit video on-demand content directly to consumers across all media platforms, such as smartphones, tablets, gaming consoles and the web through our Popcornflix and A Plus networks. Popcornflix had 15 million active users in 2017. · Television and Film Distribution. In this segment, we distribute movies and television series worldwide to consumer through license agreements across all media, including theatrical, home video, pay-per-view, free, cable and pay television, VOD and new digital media platforms worldwide. We own the copyright or long-term distribution rights to more than 1,200 television series and feature films. · Television and Short-Form Video Production. In this segment, we partner with highly regarded independent producers to develop and produce our video content, including Brand-related content. Since our inception in January 2015, our business has grown rapidly. For the full year 2017, our audited net revenue was $10.7 million, as compared to 2016 audited net revenue for the full year of $8.1 million. For the three months ended March 31, 2018, our net revenue was $5.7 million, as compared to net revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2017 of $1.4 million. These increases were primarily due to the acquisition of Screen Media in November 2017. We had audited net income of $22.8 million for the full year 2017, as compared to a full year audited net income of $0.8 million in 2016. The full year 2017 included a gain on bargain purchase of $24.3 million and acquisition-related expenses of $2.2 million relating to the acquisition of Screen Media, as discussed in the 2017 10-K under the section entitled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Recent Developments—Acquisition of Screen Media. ” For the three months ended March 31, 2018, our net loss was $0.6 million, as compared to a net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 of $0.1 million. As discussed below, to date we have reported the vast majority of our revenue and net income in the fourth quarter of each year. Our 2017 unaudited Adjusted EBITDA was $4.0 million for the full year, as compared to full year 2016 unaudited Adjusted EBITDA of $3.8 million. For the three months ended March 31, 2018, our unaudited Adjusted EBITDA was $1.7 million, as compared to unaudited Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended March 31, 2017 of $0.7 million. As noted above, to date we have reported the vast majority of our revenue and net income in the fourth quarter of each year. We have begun to sign some sponsorship contracts for 2018 and subsequent years, and are beginning production of some series, earlier in the year than in recent years. This should result in more balanced revenue across the third and fourth quarters of 2018 and subsequent years. Additionally, revenue from both our online networks and television and film distribution business areas are more evenly spaced through the year, which should result in more balanced revenue, net income and Adjusted EBITDA going forward across all quarters of each year. While the operating results in these areas are expected to be more evenly distributed over fiscal quarters, the fourth quarter is generally the strongest quarter and the second quarter is generally the weakest quarter. Business Strategy Our vision is to use our solid core of traditional media production and distribution assets to build a powerful portfolio of online VOD networks and assets. Our production and distribution businesses generate current revenue and Adjusted EBITDA to fund our rapidly growing online networks. We will build and acquire assets such as content libraries, digital publishers with content related to our own, and stand-alone VOD networks. 1 One of our fundamental objectives is to continue to grow our VOD networks to create a “network of networks” as we continue to grow our content offerings to critical mass. Our strategy is to build our library of video content through a combination of Chicken Soup for the Soul original video content and opportunistic acquisitions of third-party video content libraries, such as our transformative acquisition of Screen Media, or other rights to video content as distressed networks seek to monetize their content libraries. Online Networks Our acquisition of Screen Media accelerated our entry into the direct-to-consumer VOD market through Popcornflix. Popcornflix has an extensive footprint with apps that have been downloaded by approximately 24 million smartphones and other devices using iOS, Android and other operating systems. Popcornflix had 15 million active users in 2017. Popcornflix is one of the largest AVOD services. Under the Popcornflix brand, we operate a series of direct-to consumer advertising supported channels. On Popcornflix, we have the rights to exhibit more than 3,000 films and approximately 60 television series comprised of approximately 1,500 episodes, with new content added regularly. As a “free-to-consumer” digital streaming channel, Popcornflix is an extremely popular online video platform that can be found on the web, iPhones and iPads, Android products, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire, Apple TV, Chromecast and Samsung and Panasonic Internet-connected televisions, among others. Popcornflix is currently available in 56 countries and territories, including the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, the Scandinavian countries, Germany, France, Hong Kong and Singapore, with additional countries and territories to be added. While Popcornflix is currently an advertiser-supported VOD network, we expect to add subscriber-based VOD networks in the future. In addition to Popcornflix, we derive online networks revenue from our exclusive distribution relationship with A Plus, our affiliate, which develops and distributes high-quality, empathetic short-form videos and articles to millions of people worldwide. Our distribution relationship with A Plus allows us to accelerate the growth of our offering by providing us with content developed and distributed by A Plus that is complementary to the Brand. Television and Film Distribution We distribute television series and films worldwide through Screen Media. We own the copyright or long-term distribution rights to more than 1,200 television series and feature films, representing one of the largest independently owned libraries of filmed entertainment in the world. We distribute our television series and films through direct relationships across all media, including theatrical, home video, pay-per-view, free, cable and pay television, VOD and emerging digital media platforms worldwide. Screen Media’s distribution capabilities across all media will allow us to distribute our produced television series directly and eliminate the distribution fees (as much as 30% of revenue) that we currently pay to third parties for distribution of the rights we retain when we produce series with our sponsors. We believe that the cost savings from Screen Media’s distribution capabilities will enhance our revenue and profits from our produced television series. The Company has distribution licensing agreements with numerous VOD services across all major platform, such as cable and satellite VOD and Internet VOD, which includes TVOD for rentals or purchases of films, AVOD for free-to-viewer streaming of films supported by advertisements and SVOD for unlimited access to films for a monthly fee. Our cable and satellite VOD distribution agreements include those with DirecTV, Cablevision (Altice USA), Verizon and In Demand (owned by Comcast, Charter and Time Warner Cable). Our Internet VOD distribution agreements include those with Amazon, iTunes, Samsung, YouTube, Hulu, Xbox, Netflix, Sony and Vudu, among others. 2 We are rapidly expanding international distribution of our content through agreements with iTunes, Sony PlayStation and Xbox, among others. Under these agreements, our titles are available on iTunes, Sony PlayStation and Xbox in the United Kingdom, Australia, France, Germany, Italy and Hong Kong, with additional territories added regularly. Television and Short-Form Video Production We utilize the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand, together with our management’s industry experience and expertise, to generate revenue through the production and distribution of video content. The Company partners with sponsors and uses highly-regarded independent producers to develop and produce video content. Using this approach provides us with access to a diverse pool of creative ideas for new video content projects and allows us to scale our business on a variable cost basis. We currently have producer agreements or arrangements in place with a number of these producers, including Litton Entertainment (a Hearst company). We anticipate entering into relationships with additional independent producers. We seek committed funding from corporate and foundation sponsors covering more than the production costs prior to moving forward with a project. Since we seek to secure both the committed funding and production capabilities for our video content prior to moving forward with a project, we have high visibility into the profitability of a particular project before committing to proceed with such project. In addition, we take limited financial risk on developing our projects. Corporate and foundation sponsors with which we work include HomeAway, Hilton Grand Vacations, American Humane, BISSELL Homecare, Inc., the Boniuk Foundation, Michelson Found Animals Foundation and the Morgridge Family Foundation, and we are currently in discussions with numerous others. We endeavor to retain meaningful back-end rights to our video content in these relationships, which provides opportunities for improved profitability and enhances our library value. Our long-form video content consists of 30- to 60-minute episodic programs typically distributed initially on traditional television or cable networks. Our current long-form video content projects include: • Chicken Soup for the Soul’s Hidden Heroes (‘‘Hidden Heroes’’) . The multi-award winning Hidden Heroes is hosted by Brooke Burke-Charvet and is currently airing its third season on The CW Network. A segment of Hidden Heroes can be seen at https://cssentertainment.com/hiddenheroes . • Being Dad, a Chicken Soup for the Soul Original Series (“Being Dad”) . This series is an intimate, revealing and entertaining portrait of nine men who are tackling one of the most important roles in the world: fatherhood. The episodes are about the lives of dads who are facing challenges that are simultaneously unique and universal. For example, a farmer teaches his teenage daughter to drive; a single dad re-enters the dating scene; a touring rock musician takes his family with him on the road; an over-protective dad struggles with his autistic daughter’s growing independence; and gay dads deal with the emotional complexities of adoption. The fathers are different ages, races, and religions, but, they are all bound by the singular belief that raising their children is life’s greatest gift. • Vacation Rental Potential . This new television show gives viewers the information and inspiration needed to realize their dreams of using real estate entrepreneurship to obtain financial success. Hosted by Holly Baker, Vacation Rental Potential offers people insight on how to make the dream of vacation homeownership possible. The show premiered on A&E Network in December 2017. In April 2018, Vacation Rental Potential was renewed for a second season by HomeAway. Our short-form video content, including our branded short-form video content known as Sips, is typically exhibited through online video content distribution and social media platforms, such as YouTube, Facebook, Yahoo, Diply, Gateway Media, SheKnows, Rumble and Liquid Social among others, as well as on the social media of Chicken Soup for the Soul and our sponsors. 3 Competition Video content production and distribution direct to consumers are highly competitive businesses. We face competition from companies within the entertainment business and from alternative forms of leisure entertainment, such as travel, sporting events, outdoor recreation, video games, the internet and other cultural and computer-related activities. We compete with the major studios, numerous independent motion picture and television production companies, television networks, pay television systems and online media platforms for the services of performing artists, producers and other creative and technical personnel and production financing, all of which are essential to the success of our businesses. In addition, our video content competes for media outlet and audience acceptance with video content produced and distributed by other companies. As a result, the success of any of our video content is dependent not only on the quality and acceptance of a particular production, but also on the quality and acceptance of other competing video content available in the marketplace at or near the same time. Given such competition, and our stage of development, we intend to initially emphasize a lower cost structure, risk mitigation, reliance on financial partnerships and innovative financial strategies. Our cost structures are designed to utilize our flexibility and agility as well as the entrepreneurial spirit of our employees, partners and affiliates, in order to provide creative, desirable video content. Intellectual Property Under the CSS License Agreement, we have been granted the perpetual, exclusive, worldwide license by CSS to produce and distribute video content using the Brand and related content, such as stories published in the Chicken Soup for the Soul books. Chicken Soup for the Soul and related names are trademarks owned by CSS. We have the proprietary rights (including copyrights) in all our Sips and company-produced content. With the acquisition of Screen Media, the Company now owns copyrights or global long-term distribution rights to Screen Media film library as well as ownership of Screen Media’s AVOD application Popcornflix®. We rely on a combination of confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions and other similar measures to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property rights. Employees As of March 31, 2018, we had 31 direct employees. The services of certain personnel, including our chairman and chief executive officer, vice chairman and chief strategy officer, our senior brand advisor, and chief financial officer, are provided to us under the CSS Management Agreement and are not included as direct employees of the Company. We also utilize many consultants in the ordinary course of our business and hire additional personnel on a project-by-project basis. We believe that our employee and labor relations are good, and we are committed to inclusion and strict policies and procedures to maintain a safe work environment. Corporate Information We are a Delaware corporation formed on May 4, 2016. CSS Productions, our predecessor and immediate parent company, was formed in December 2014 by CSS, and initiated operations in January 2015. We were formed to create a discrete entity focused on video content opportunities using the Brand. In May 2016, pursuant to the terms of the contribution agreement among CSS, CSS Productions and the Company (the “CSS Contribution Agreement”), all video content assets (the “Subject Assets”) owned by CSS, CSS Productions and their CSS subsidiaries were transferred to the Company in consideration for its issuance to CSS Productions of 8,600,568 shares of the Company’s Class B common stock. Since the date of the CSS Contribution Agreement, CSS Productions has transferred certain of these shares of Class B common stock to third parties in certain transactions and certain of these shares of Class B Common Stock have been converted into Class A Common Stock at the election of the holders thereof. Concurrently with the consummation of the CSS Contribution Agreement, certain rights to receive payments under certain agreements comprising part of the Subject Assets owned by Trema, LLC (“Trema”), a company principally owned and controlled by William J. Rouhana, Jr., the Company’s chairman and chief executive officer, were assigned to the Company under a contribution agreement (the “Trema Contribution Agreement”) in consideration for the Company’s issuance to Trema of 159,432 shares or our Class B common stock. 4 Thereafter, CSS Productions’ operating activities ceased, and the Company continued the business operations of producing and distributing the video content. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As long as we are an emerging growth company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These include, but are not limited to: • Not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; • Not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditors’ report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; • Reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and • Exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may remain an “emerging growth company” until as late as December 31, 2022, the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, though we may cease to be an emerging growth company earlier under certain circumstances, including if (a) we have more than $1 billion in annual gross revenue in any fiscal year, (b) the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 or (c) we issue more than $1 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA The summary consolidated financial information set forth below is derived from our audited consolidated financial statements which are incorporated herein by reference from our 2017 10-K and from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements which are incorporated herein by reference from our 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018. The summary consolidated financial information presented is only a summary of consolidated financial data and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto, included in our 2017 10-K and our 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018. The summary consolidated financial information set forth below should be read in conjunction with our 2017 10-K and our 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018, under the section entitled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Recent Developments—Acquisition of Screen Media. ” 5 Three Months Ended March 31, Year Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2017 2016 Operating Data: Total revenue $ 6,034,294 $ 1,417,098 $ 10,979,340 $ 8,118,632 Gross profit 2,610,883 942,892 5,921,267 4,962,964 Gross profit % 45.7 % 66.5 % 55.6 % 61.1 % Operating expenses (including $254,195 and $132,785 of non-cash share-based compensation expense for the three months ended in 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $638,258 and $1,542,044 of non-cash share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively) 2,770,642 401,718 4,263,146 3,182,775 Operating (loss) income (159,759 ) 541,174 1,658,121 1,780,189 Interest expense (including $0 and $386,186 of non-cash amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs for the three months ended in 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $914,080 and $424,571 of non-cash amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively) (21,555 ) (475,826 ) (1,190,111 ) (560,069 ) Acquisition-related costs (45,300 ) - (2,193,147 ) - Gain on bargain purchase - - 24,321,747 - Net (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income $ (562,453 ) $ (133,646 ) $ 22,789,498 $ 781,133 Basic net (loss) income per common share $ (0.05 ) $ (0.01 ) $ 2.26 $ 0.09 Diluted net (loss) income per common share $ (0.05 ) $ (0.01 ) $ 2.23 $ 0.09 Weighted average basic shares outstanding 11,609,992 9,066,034 10,063,732 8,835,930 Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 11,609,992 9,066,034 10,232,162 8,996,636 6 March 31, 2018 Pro Forma Actual Pro Forma (1) As Adjusted (2) Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,751,689 $ 7,261,403 $ 30,367,080 Total assets 61,293,620 66,803,334 89,909,011 Senior secured notes payable under revolving line of credit to related party 1,700,000 - - Senior secured notes payable under bank term loan and revolving line of credit, net of deferred finance costs - 7,209,714 7,209,714 Total liabilities 6,937,718 12,447,432 12,447,432 Stockholders' equity 54,355,902 54,355,902 77,461,579 (1) The “Pro Forma” information gives effect to net proceeds of approximately $6.9 million, net of approximately $290,000 of costs and expenses, which we received on April 27, 2018 under a term loan and revolving credit facility (“Bank Loan Facility”), with aggregate principal of approximately $7.2 million. Upon receipt of these net proceeds, we repaid in full the senior secured notes payable under revolving line of credit to a related party (“Credit Facility”), consisting of $1,700,000 outstanding principal, plus accrued but unpaid interest. Upon closing of the Bank Loan Facility, the Credit Facility was terminated. The “Pro Forma” information also gives effect to our additional borrowing on May 18, 2018 of $0.3 million under the Bank Loan Facility. The Bank Loan Facility net proceeds are used by us for working capital and other purposes. The term loan of $5.0 million principal bears interest at a rate of 5.75% per annum and is payable monthly together with principal, over a five-year period. The revolving line of credit of $2.5 million bears interest at the prime rate plus 1.5% per annum, with interest only payable monthly over a three-year period, at which time the revolving line shall be renewed or becomes due. (2) The “Pro Forma As Adjusted” information gives effect to the Pro Forma information as described above and the sale of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock by us in the offering and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived thereby. We will pay all of the expenses of the offering including underwriting discounts and commissions, legal, accounting, printing, filing fees and other direct costs. If the underwriters exercise their option in full, cash and cash equivalents, total assets and stockholders’ equity will each increase by $3,525,000. Reconciliation of Historical GAAP Net Income as Reported to Adjusted EBITDA : Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measure In addition to the results reported in accordance with GAAP, we use a non-GAAP financial measure, which is not recognized under GAAP, as a supplemental indicator of our operating performance. This non-GAAP financial measure is provided to enhance the readers understanding of our historical and current financial performance. Management believes that this measure provides useful information in that it excludes amounts that are not indicative of our core operating results and ongoing operations and provide a more consistent basis for comparison between periods. The non-GAAP financial measure that we currently use is Adjusted EBITDA which is defined as follows: “Adjusted EBITDA” means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, acquisition-related costs, consulting fees related to the acquisition of Screen Media and non-cash share-based compensation expense, and adjustments for other identified charges, such as costs incurred to form our company and to prepare for the offering of our Class A common stock to the public, prior to our IPO. Adjusted EBITDA does not include the gain on bargain purchase of Screen Media. Identified charges also include the cost of maintaining a board of directors prior to being a publicly traded company. As our IPO has been completed, director fees are deducted from Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is not an earnings measure recognized by GAAP and does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP; accordingly, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. We believe Adjusted EBITDA to be a meaningful indicator of our performance that provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations. The most comparable GAAP measure is operating income. 7 A reconciliation of net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, and for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 is as follows: Three Months Ended March 31, Year Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2017 2016 (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) Net (loss) income, as reported $ (562,453 ) $ (133,646 ) $ 22,789,498 $ 781,133 Gain on bargain purchase - - (24,321,747 ) - Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 336,000 199,000 (182,000 ) 439,000 Interest expense, net of interest income (a) 21,394 475,820 1,179,223 560,056 Film library amortization, included in cost of revenue (non-cash) 1,454,140 - 1,378,869 - Acquisition-related costs and consulting fees, related to Screen Media 95,300 - 2,226,480 - Share-based compensation expense (b) 254,195 132,785 638,258 1,542,041 Severance cost - former officer - - - 225,828 Reserve for bad debts 87,632 - - - Amortization of leasehold improvements 13,033 - 9,819 - Organization costs and directors costs (c) - 18,750 290,124 228,615 Adjusted EBITDA $ 1,699,241 $ 692,709 $ 4,008,524 $ 3,776,673 (a) Includes $0 and $385,087 of non-cash amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Includes $914,080 and $424,571 of non-cash amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (b) Includes the fair value of shares of Class A common stock at the date of issuance, issued to our outside directors and to individuals for services rendered. This also includes the fair value of stock options issued pursuant to the Company’s Incentive Stock Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2016, this includes the fair value of shares of Class A common stock at the date of issuance of shares issued to a former officer of our Company. (c) Includes costs incurred to form our company and to prepare for the initial offering of our common stock to the public. In addition, this includes the cost of maintaining a board of directors prior to being a publicly traded company on August 17, 2017 and includes the costs of utilizing public relations and investor relations firms prior to being a publicly traded company. 8 THE OFFERING The following summary contains basic terms about this offering and the Series A Preferred Stock and is not intended to be complete. It may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read the more detailed information contained in this prospectus, including but not limited to, the risk factors beginning on page 14. For a more complete description of the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, see the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock .” Issuer Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. Securities Offered 1,000,000 shares of [ · ]% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (or “Series A Preferred Stock”). See “ Underwriting .” Over-allotment Option We have granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to 150,000 additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock solely to cover over-allotments, if any. Series A Preferred Stock outstanding prior to this offering No shares outstanding Series A Preferred Stock to be outstanding after this offering 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, assuming no exercise of the over-allotment option. Offering Price $25.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock. Dividends Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at a rate of [ · ]% per annum of the $25.00 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to $[ · ] per annum per share). Dividends will be payable monthly on the 15th day of each month (each, a “dividend payment date”), provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business day, then the dividend that would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next succeeding business day without adjustment in the amount of the dividend. For example, if shares of Series A Preferred Stock are purchased on May 20, the first dividend payable thereon will be paid on June 15 with respect to the full calendar month of May (e.g. May 1 through and including May 31). Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on the corresponding record date, which shall be the last day of the calendar month, whether or not a business day, immediately preceding the month in which the applicable dividend payment date falls (each, a “dividend record date”). As a result, holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends on a dividend payment date if such shares were not issued and outstanding on the applicable dividend record date. 9 Any dividend payable on the Series A Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any partial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months; however, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby will be credited as having accrued dividends since the first day of the calendar month in which they are issued. No Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. Optional Redemption The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to [ • ] 2020, except as described below. On and after such date, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price equal to (i) $25.75 per share (103% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2020 and prior to [ • ] 2021, (ii) $25.50 per share (102% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2021 and prior to [ • ] 2022, and (iii) $25.25 per share (101% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2022 and prior to [ • ] 2023, and $25.00 per share thereafter, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock — Redemption — Optional Redemption .” Special Optional Redemption Prior to [ • ] 2020, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date. A “Change of Control” is deemed to occur when the following have occurred and are continuing: the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a “person” under Section 13(d)(3) of the “Exchange Act (other than William J. Rouhana, Jr., the chairman of our board of directors and our principal shareholder, any member of his immediate family, and any “person” or “group” under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, that is controlled by Mr. Rouhana or any member of his immediate family, any beneficiary of the estate of Mr. Rouhana, or any trust, partnership, corporate or other entity controlled by any of the foregoing), of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of our stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50% of the total voting power of all our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition); and following the closing of any transaction referred to above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE MKT or the Nasdaq or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE MKT or Nasdaq. 10 Liquidation Preference If we liquidate, dissolve or wind up, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to receive $25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of payment, before any payment is made to the holders of our common stock. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Liquidation Preference .” Ranking The Series A Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, (a) senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us other than equity securities referred to in clauses (b) and (c); (b) on a parity with all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up; (c) junior to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up; and (d) effectively junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible into our common stock or preferred stock) and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of (as well as any preferred equity interests held by others in) our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock–Ranking .” 11 Limited Voting Rights Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will generally have no voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for eighteen or more monthly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with the holders of all other classes or series of our preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election referred to below) will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors until we pay, or declare and set aside funds for the payment of, all dividends that we owe on the Series A Preferred Stock, subject to certain limitations described in the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Voting Rights .” In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66.67% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (voting together as a class with all other series of parity preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable) is required at any time for us to (i) authorize or issue any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up or (ii) to amend any provision of our certificate of incorporation so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the Series A Preferred Stock or to take certain other actions. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Voting Rights .” Information Rights During any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will use our best efforts to (i) transmit by mail (or otherwise provided by permissible means under the Exchange Act) to all holders of Series A Preferred Stock, as their names and addresses appear on our record books and without cost to such holders, copies of the Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any holders or prospective holder of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to certain exceptions described in this prospectus. We will use our best efforts to mail (or otherwise provide) the information to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the SEC, if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file such periodic reports if we were a “non-accelerated filer” within the meaning of the Exchange Act. 12 Listing We will apply to have our Series A Preferred Stock listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “CSSEP.” Use of Proceeds We plan to use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering to fund growth initiatives and for working capital and general corporate purposes. In our discretion, we may use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering to fund repurchases of our stock in open market transactions in compliance with Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act and private transactions. Risk Factors Please read the section of this prospectus entitled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 14 for a discussion of some of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our Series A Preferred Stock. Transfer Agent The registrar, transfer agent and dividend and redemption price disbursing agent in respect of the Series A Preferred Stock will be Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Co. Rating Egan-Jones Rating Co.: BBB(-) A securities rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Series A Preferred Stock. Any rating may be subject to revision upward or downward or withdrawal at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant that change. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. No report of any rating agency is being incorporated herein by reference. Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations For a discussion of the federal income tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of the Series A Preferred Stock, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “ Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations .” You should consult your tax advisor with respect to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning the Series A Preferred Stock in light of your own particular situation and with respect to any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local, foreign or other taxing jurisdiction. Book Entry and Form The Series A Preferred Stock will be represented by one or more global certificates in definitive, fully registered form deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of, a nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). 13 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information contained in this prospectus and the documents we incorporate by reference into this prospectus before you decide to purchase our Series A Preferred Stock. The risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know about or that we currently believe are not material may also adversely affect our business, business prospects, results of operations or financial condition. Any of the risks and uncertainties set forth herein, as updated by annual, quarterly and other reports and documents that we file with the SEC and incorporate by reference into this prospectus could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. This could cause the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock to decline, perhaps significantly, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Shares of Our Series A Preferred Stock The Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior to all of our indebtedness and other liabilities. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of our affairs, our assets will be available to pay obligations on the Series A Preferred Stock only after all of our indebtedness and other liabilities have been paid. The rights of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to participate in the distribution of our assets will rank junior to the prior claims of our current and future creditors and any future series or class of preferred stock we may issue that ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Also, the Series A Preferred Stock effectively ranks junior to all existing and future indebtedness and to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our existing subsidiaries and any future subsidiaries. Our existing subsidiaries are, and future subsidiaries would be, separate legal entities and have no legal obligation to pay any amounts to us in respect of dividends due on the Series A Preferred Stock. We have incurred and may in the future incur substantial amounts of debt and other obligations that will rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. As of the date of this prospectus, our total liabilities (excluding contingent consideration) equaled approximately $12.4 million, including $7.5 million (approximately $7.2 million net of deferred finance costs) owed under a commercial loan facility consisting of a $5 million term loan and $2.5 million owed under our revolving credit line with our bank (“Bank Loan Facility”). If we are forced to liquidate our assets to pay our creditors, we may not have sufficient assets to pay amounts due on any or all of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. We are currently able to pay dividends under the most restrictive covenants in our Bank Loan Facility. However, we may not be able to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock if we fall out of compliance with our loan covenants and are prohibited by our bank lender from paying dividends. The Bank Loan Facility requires the Company to maintain a minimum debt service coverage ratio. Related to this obligation, the Bank Loan Facility contains a negative covenant that restricts the Company’s ability to make dividend payments and other distributions and payments to stockholders and certain other people if such payments, distributions or expenditures would result in an event of default under the Bank Loan Facility or any other Company indebtedness, or would exceed the Company’s net earnings in excess of its debt service obligations. The Company is currently in compliance with all of its covenants under the Bank Loan Facility. 14 We must adhere to prescribed legal requirements and also have sufficient cash in order to be able to pay dividends. In accordance with Section 170 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, we may only declare and pay cash dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock if we have either net profits during the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year, or a “surplus”, meaning the excess, if any, of our net assets (total assets less total liabilities) over our capital. We can provide no assurance that we will satisfy such requirements in any given year. Further, even if we have the legal ability to declare a dividend, we may not have sufficient cash to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. Our ability to pay dividends may be impaired if any of the risks described in this prospectus actually occur. Also, payment of our dividends depends upon our financial condition and other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure you that our businesses will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. If Nasdaq delists the Series A Preferred Stock from quotation on its exchange, investors’ ability to make transactions in the Series A Preferred Stock could be limited. We anticipate that the Series A Preferred Stock will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, a national securities exchange, upon consummation of this offering. Since our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, in order to for the Series A Preferred Stock to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, we must meet certain modified criteria, including a minimum of publicly held shares of Series A Preferred Stock (generally 200,000 shares), with a minimum market value (generally $4,000,000) and a minimum number of holders (generally 100 public holders). If we meet such standards and have our Series A Preferred Stock listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, we cannot assure you that the Series A Preferred Stock will continue to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market in the future. In order to continue listing the Series A Preferred Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, this means having a minimum number of publicly held shares of Series A Preferred Stock (generally 100,000 shares), a minimum market value (generally $1,000,000) and a minimum number of holders (generally 100 public holders). If our Class A common stock is delisted from the Nasdaq Global Market, the Series A Preferred Stock would be required to meet the more stringent initial listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Market for a Primary Equity Security, including a minimum number of publicly held shares of Series A Preferred Stock (generally 1,100,000 shares) and a minimum number of holders (generally 400 public holders). If we are unable to meet these standards and the Series A Preferred Stock is delisted from the Nasdaq Global Market, we may apply to list our Series A Preferred Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we are also unable to meet the listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, we may apply to list our Series A Preferred Stock on OTC Markets. If we are unable to maintain listing for the Series A Preferred Stock, the ability to transfer or sell shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will be limited and the market value of the Series A Preferred Stock will likely be materially adversely affected. Moreover, since the Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date, investors may be forced to hold shares of the Series A Preferred Stock indefinitely while receiving stated dividends thereon when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and paid by us with no assurance as to ever receiving the liquidation value thereof. The market for our Series A Preferred Stock may not provide investors with adequate liquidity. We will apply to have our Series A Preferred Stock listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. However, a trading market for the Series A Preferred Stock may not develop or be maintained and may not provide investors with adequate liquidity. Liquidity of the market for the Series A Preferred Stock will depend on a number of factors, including prevailing interest rates, our financial condition and operating results, the number of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, the market for similar securities and the interest of securities dealers in making a market in the Series A Preferred Stock. We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our Company will maintain a trading market in our Series A Preferred Stock, or how liquid that market will be. If an active market is not maintained, investors may have difficulty selling shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. We are generally restricted from issuing shares of other series of preferred stock that rank senior the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights, rights upon liquidation or voting rights, but may do so with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock; and, further, no such consent is required for the issuance of additional Series of preferred stock ranking pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock. We are allowed to issue shares of other series of preferred stock that rank above the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend payments and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, only with the approval of the holders of at least 66.67% of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock; however, we are allowed to issue additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or additional series of preferred stock that would rank equally to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend payments and rights upon our liquidation or winding up of our affairs without first obtaining the approval of the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock. The issuance of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or additional series of preferred stock could have the effect of reducing the amounts available to the Series A Preferred Stock upon our liquidation or dissolution or the winding up of our affairs. It also may reduce dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock if we do not have sufficient funds to pay dividends on all Series A Preferred Stock outstanding and other classes or series of stock with equal or senior priority with respect to dividends. Future issuances and sales of senior or pari passu preferred stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales could occur, may cause prevailing market prices for the Series A Preferred Stock and our common stock to decline and may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital in the financial markets at times and prices favorable to us. 15 Market interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value of the Series A Preferred Stock. One of the factors that will influence the price of the Series A Preferred Stock is the dividend yield on the Series A Preferred Stock (as a percentage of the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock) relative to market interest rates. Continued increase in market interest rates, which are currently at low levels relative to historical rates, may lead prospective purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock to expect a higher dividend yield (and higher interest rates would likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease funds available for dividend payments). Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock to materially decrease. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be unable to use the dividends-received deduction and may not be eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income.” Distributions paid to corporate U.S. holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction, and distributions paid to non-corporate U.S. holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be subject to tax at the preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income,” if we have current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Additionally, we may not have sufficient current earnings and profits during future fiscal years for the distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock to qualify as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the distributions fail to qualify as dividends, U.S. holders would be unable to use the dividends-received deduction and may not be eligible for the preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income.” If any distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to any fiscal year are not eligible for the dividends-received deduction or preferential tax rates applicable to “qualified dividend income” because of insufficient current or accumulated earnings and profits, it is possible that the market value of the Series A Preferred Stock might decline. Our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate in future periods and we may fail to meet investor expectations, which may cause the price of our Series A Preferred Stock to decline. Variations in our quarterly and year-end operating results are difficult to predict and our income and cash flows may fluctuate significantly from period to period, which may impact our board of directors’ willingness or legal ability to declare a monthly dividend. If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our Series A Preferred Stock could decline substantially. Specific factors that may cause fluctuations in our operating results include: · demand and pricing for our products and services; · introduction of competing products; · our operating expenses which fluctuate due to growth of our business; · timing and popularity of new video content offerings and changes in viewing habits or the emergence of new content distribution platforms; and · variable sales cycle and implementation periods for content and services. A reduction in the credit rating of our Series A Preferred Stock could adversely affect the pricing and liquidity of such stock. Any downward revision or withdrawal of the credit rating on our Series A Preferred Stock could materially adversely affect market confidence in such stock and could cause material decreases in the market price of such stock and could diminish market liquidity. Egan-Jones has initially rated our Series A Preferred Stock as BBB(-). See “ Description of Series A Preferred Stock – Credit Rating of Our Series A Preferred Stock.” Neither Egan-Jones nor any other agency is under any obligation to maintain any rating assigned to our Series A Preferred Stock and such rating could be revised downward or withdrawn at any time for reasons of general market changes or changes in our financial condition or for no reason at all. A reduction in the credit rating of our Series A Preferred Stock could adversely affect our ability to borrow from other sources. Our borrowing costs and our access to sources of debt financing could be significantly affected by any public credit rating applicable to us or our securities. Such ratings, as that initially assigned by Egan-Jones to our Series A Preferred Stock, can be reduced or withdrawn at any time, giving rise to negative credit implications with respect to our company. A reduction in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and limit our access to the capital markets. This, in turn, could reduce our earnings and adversely affect our liquidity. The market price of the Series A Preferred Stock could be substantially affected by various factors. The market price of the Series A Preferred Stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors. The price of the Series A Preferred Stock that will prevail in the market after this offering may be higher or lower than the offering price depending on many factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: · prevailing interest rates, increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock; · trading prices of similar securities; · our history of timely dividend payments; · the annual yield from dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock as compared to yields on other financial instruments; · general economic and financial market conditions; · government action or regulation; · the financial condition, performance and prospects of us and our competitors; · changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us or our competitors in our industry; · our issuance of additional preferred equity or debt securities; and · actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results of us and our competitors. As a result of these and other factors, investors who purchase the Series A Preferred Stock in this offering may experience a decrease, which could be substantial and rapid, in the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. 16 We may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. On or after [ • ] 2020, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time. Also, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock — Redemption ”), prior to [ • ] 2020, we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred. We may have an incentive to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock voluntarily if market conditions allow us to issue other preferred stock or debt securities at a rate that is lower than the dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock. If we redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, then from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights as a holder of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. A holder of Series A Preferred Stock has extremely limited voting rights. The voting rights for a holder of Series A Preferred Stock are limited. Our shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class and are the only class of our securities that carry full voting rights. Mr. Rouhana, our chairman of the board and chief executive officer, beneficially owns the vast majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, Mr. Rouhana exercises a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation, and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or changes in management and will make the approval of certain transactions difficult or impossible without his support, which in turn could reduce the price of our Series A Preferred Stock. Voting rights for holders of the Series A Preferred Stock exist primarily with respect to the ability to elect, voting together with the holders of any other series of our preferred stock having similar voting rights, two additional directors to our board of directors, subject to limitations described in the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Voting Rights ,” in the event that eighteen monthly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on the Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears, and with respect to voting on amendments to our certificate of incorporation, including the certificate of designations relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, that materially and adversely affect the rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock or authorize, increase or create additional classes or series of our capital stock that are senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Other than the limited circumstances described in the prospectus and except to the extent required by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “ Description of the Series A Preferred Stock—Voting Rights .” The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into Class A common stock, including in the event of a change of control of the Company, and investors will not realize a corresponding upside if the price of the Class A common stock increases. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into shares of Class A common stock and earns dividends at a fixed rate. Accordingly, an increase in market price of our Class A common stock will not necessarily result in an increase in the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock. The market value of the Series A Preferred Stock may depend more on dividend and interest rates for other preferred stock, commercial paper and other investment alternatives and our actual and perceived ability to pay dividends on, and in the event of dissolution satisfy the liquidation preference with respect to, the Series A Preferred Stock. 17 We will have broad discretion in using the proceeds of this offering, and we may not effectively spend the proceeds. We will use the net proceeds of this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes to support our growth and may, in our discretion, use a portion of the net proceeds for the repurchase of outstanding Class A common stock in open market transactions in compliance with 10b-18 and private transactions. We have not allocated any specific portion of the net proceeds to any particular purpose, and our management will have the discretion to allocate the proceeds as it determines. We will have significant flexibility and broad discretion in applying the net proceeds of this offering, and we may not apply these proceeds effectively. Our management might not be able to yield a significant return, if any, on any investment of these net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity to influence our decisions on how to use our net proceeds from this offering. Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. Our certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits our company by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our and officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Risks Related to Our Business We do not have a long operating history on which to evaluate our company. Our predecessor, CSS Productions, was formed in December 2014 and we were formed in May 2016 to succeed to CSS Productions’ assets in order to create a discrete, focused entity to pursue video content opportunities using the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand. We face all the risks faced by newer companies in the media industry, including significant competition from existing and emerging media producers and distributors, many of which are significantly more established, larger and better financed than our company. It is only recently that we debuted our video content and accordingly do not have a long history on which to evaluate our ability to produce and distribute video content that will be desired by our target consumers across multiple media offerings. Similarly, we do not have a long-term operating or financial history that can be reviewed in evaluating an investment in our company. Certain conflicts of interest may arise between us and our affiliated companies and we have waived certain rights with respect thereto. Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision stating that we renounce any interest or expectancy in any business opportunities that are presented to us or our officers, directors or stockholders or affiliates thereof, including but not limited to CSS Productions and its affiliates (collectively, the “CSS Companies”), except as may be set forth in any written agreement between us and any of the CSS Companies (such as the CSS License Agreement under which CSS has agreed that all video content operations shall be conducted only through CSSE). This provision also states that, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, our officers, directors and employees shall not be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of any of our activities or any activities of any of the CSS Companies. As a result of these provisions, there may be conflicts of interest among us and our officers, directors, stockholders or their affiliates, including the CSS Companies, relating to business opportunities, and we have waived our right to monetary damages in the event of any such conflict. Our long-term results of operations are difficult to predict and depend on the commercial success of our video content and the continued strength of the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand. Our ability in the long-term to obtain sponsorships and licensing arrangements and to distribute our video content will depend, in part, upon the commercial success of the content that we initially distribute and, in part, on the continued strength of the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand. We cannot predict whether our initial video content will be accepted by audiences at a level that will create strong demand for our future video content. Further, the continued strength of the brand will be affected in large part by the operations of CSS and its other business operations, none of which we control. CSS utilizes the brand through its other subsidiaries for various commercial purposes, including the sale of books (including educational curriculum products), pet foods and other consumer products. Negative publicity relating to CSS or its other subsidiaries or the brand, or any diminution in the perception of the brand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. We cannot assure you that we will manage the production and distribution of all of our video content successfully, that all or any portion of our video content will be met with critical acclaim or will be embraced by audiences on a one-time or repeated basis, or that the strength of the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand will not diminish over time. 18 Our reliance on third parties for production and distribution could limit our control over the quality of the finished video content. We currently have limited internal production and distribution capabilities and are reliant on relationships with third parties for much of these capabilities. Working with third parties is an integral part of our strategy to produce and distribute video content on a cost-efficient basis, and our reliance on such third parties could lessen the control we have over the projects, despite our approval rights. Should the third-party producers we rely upon not produce completed projects to the standards we expect and desire, critical and audience acceptance of such projects could suffer, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to produce and distribute future projects. Further, we cannot be assured of entering into favorable agreements with such third-party producers on economically favorable terms or on terms that provide us with satisfactory intellectual property rights in the completed projects. An integral part of our strategy is to initially minimize our production and distribution costs by utilizing funding sources provided by others, however, such sources may not be readily available. The production and distribution of video content requires a significant amount of capital. As part of our strategy, we will initially seek to fund the production and distribution of our video content through the payment of upfront fees by sponsors, licensors, broadcast, cable and satellite outlets and other producers and distributors, as well as through other initiatives, such as government tax incentives. Funding for our video content projects from the aforementioned sources or other sources may not be available on attractive terms or at all as and when we need such funding. To the extent we are not able to secure agreements by which upfront fees are paid to us, we may need to curtail the amount of video content being produced or use our operating or other funds to pay for such video content, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. As we grow we may seek to fund and produce more of our video content directly, subjecting us to significant additional risks. Our current strategy of funding the production and distribution of our video content through the payment of upfront fees by third parties may limit the backend return to us. If we should determine to use our own funds to produce and distribute more of our video content in order to capture greater backend returns, we would face significant additional risks, such as the need to internally advance funds ahead of revenue generation and cost recoupment and the need to divert some of our resources and efforts away from other operations. In order to reduce these risks, we may determine to raise additional equity or incur additional indebtedness. In such event, our stockholders and our company will be subjected to the risks associated with issuing more of our shares or increasing our debt obligations. We have derived our revenue to date from a limited number of video content offerings and clients and have funded our projects from a limited number of sources. Historically, we have derived most of our revenue from a limited number of video content offerings and clients. While we continue to expand the number and type of our video content offerings, including through our acquisition of Screen Media, we will need to continue to expand and broaden our video content offerings, the distribution channels into which they are placed, the clients to which we sell and the production and financing relationships utilized to create such video content to ensure that we are not reliant on a limited number of offerings or distribution partners in the future. A failure to continue to expand and broaden our video content offerings, client base or distribution, production and financing relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 19 We are required to make continuing payments to our affiliates, which may reduce our cash flow and profits. We are required to make significant payments to our affiliates as described in our 2017 10-K under the section entitled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Affiliate Resources and Obligations — CSS Management Agreement ,” “ — CSS License Agreement ” and “ — A Plus Distribution Agreement ” and “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources .” Accordingly, in the aggregate, at least 10% of our gross revenue will be paid to our affiliates on a continuous basis and will not be otherwise available to us. If a project we are producing incurs substantial budget overruns, we may have to seek additional financing from outside sources to complete production or fund the overrun ourselves. If a production we are funding incurs substantial budget overruns, we may have to seek additional financing from outside sources to complete production or fund the overrun ourselves. We cannot be certain that any required financing will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that we will be able to recoup the costs of overruns. Increased costs incurred with respect to a particular project may result in the production not being ready for release at the intended time, which could cause a decline in the commercial performance of the project. Budget overruns could also prevent a project from being completed or released at all. Our operating results may fluctuate. Our operating results are dependent, in part, on management’s estimates of revenue to be earned over the life of a project. We will regularly review and revise our revenue estimates. This review may result in a change in the rate of amortization and/or a write-down of the video content asset to its estimated realizable value. Results of operations in future years depend upon our amortization of our video content costs. Periodic adjustments in amortization rates may significantly affect these results. Further, as many of our third-party relationships will be on a project-by-project basis, the profits, if any, generated from various projects will fluctuate based on the terms of the agreements between us and our third-party producers and distributors. Because of our current stage of development, we generate a significant portion of our annual revenue in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. However, with the acquisition of Screen Media whose revenue and results are more evenly distributed over its fiscal quarters, we anticipate that our revenue may be more evenly distributed throughout the year in the future as we diversify our video content offerings. Until such time, our quarter to quarter financial results may not be comparable within any single fiscal year or from fiscal year to fiscal year. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, our results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period to period, and the results of any one period may not be indicative of the results for any future period. Distributors’ failure to promote our video content could adversely affect our revenue and could adversely affect our business results. We will not always control the timing and manner in which our licensed distributors distribute our video content offerings. However, their decisions regarding the timing of release and promotional support are important in determining success. Any decision by those distributors not to distribute or promote our video content or to promote our competitors’ video content to a greater extent than they promote our intent could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 20 We are smaller and less diversified than many of our competitors. Many of the producers and studios with which we compete are part of large diversified corporate groups with a variety of other operations, including television networks, cable channels and other diversified companies such as Amazon, which can provide both the means of distributing their products and stable sources of earnings that may allow them to better offset fluctuations in the financial performance of their operations. In addition, the major studios have more resources with which to compete for ideas, storylines and scripts created by third parties as well as for actors, and other personnel required for production. The resources of the major producers and studios may also give them an advantage in acquiring other businesses or assets, including video content libraries, that we might also be interested in acquiring. We must successfully respond to rapid technological changes and alternative forms of delivery or storage to remain competitive. The entertainment industry in general continues to undergo significant developments as advances in technologies and new methods of product delivery and storage, or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these developments, emerge. Consumers are spending an increasing amount of time online and on mobile devices and are increasingly viewing content on a time-delayed or on-demand basis online, on their televisions and on handheld or portable devices. Our distributors and we must adapt our businesses to changing consumer behavior and preferences and exploit new distribution channels. Our strategy is to seek to take advantage of these changes and thereby to create new revenue streams and other opportunities for our video content. If we cannot successfully utilize these and other emerging technologies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. We face risks from doing business internationally. We intend to increase the distribution of our video content outside the U.S. and thereby derive significant revenue in foreign jurisdictions. As a result, our business is subject to certain risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond our control. These risks include: · laws and policies affecting trade, investment and taxes, including laws and policies relating to the repatriation of funds and withholding taxes, and changes in these laws; · the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws regulating interactions and dealings with foreign government officials; · changes in local regulatory requirements, including restrictions on video content; · differing cultural tastes and attitudes; · differing degrees of protection for intellectual property; · financial instability and increased market concentration of buyers in foreign television markets; · the instability of foreign economies and governments; · fluctuating foreign exchange rates; · the spread of communicable diseases in such jurisdictions, which may impact business in such jurisdictions; and · war and acts of terrorism. 21 Events or developments related to these and other risks associated with international trade could adversely affect our revenue from non-U.S. sources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. Protecting and defending against intellectual property claims may have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to compete depends, in part, upon successful protection of our intellectual property relating to our video content and the protection of the Brand. We protect proprietary and intellectual property rights to our productions through available copyright and trademark laws and licensing and distribution arrangements with reputable international companies in specific territories and media. Under the terms of the CSS License Agreement, CSS has the primary right to take actions to protect the brand, and, if it does not, and we reasonably deem any infringement thereof is materially harmful to our business, we may elect to seek action to protect the brand ourselves. Although in the former case, we would equitably share in any recovery, and in the latter case, we would retain the entirety of any recovery, should CSS determine not to prosecute infringement of the brand, we could be materially harmed and could incur substantial cost in prosecuting an infringement of the Brand. Others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us. It is possible that others may claim from time to time that our productions and production techniques misappropriate or infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties with respect to their previously developed content, stories, characters and other entertainment or intellectual property. Although CSS is obligated to indemnify us for claims related to our use of the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand in accordance with the CSS License Agreement, we could face lawsuits with respect to claims relating thereto. Irrespective of the validity or the successful assertion of any such claims, we could incur significant costs and diversion of resources in defending against them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. Our business involves risks of liability claims for video content, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. As a producer and distributor of video content, we may face potential liability for defamation, invasion of privacy, negligence and other claims based on the nature and content of the materials distributed. These types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully, against producers and distributors of video content. Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. Piracy of video content may harm our business. Video content piracy is extensive in many parts of the world, including South America, Asia, and certain Eastern European countries, and is made easier by technological advances and the conversion of video content into digital formats. This trend facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high quality unauthorized copies of video content on DVDs, Blu-ray discs, from pay-per-view through set-top boxes and other devices and through unlicensed broadcasts on free television and the internet. The proliferation of unauthorized copies of our video content could have an adverse effect on our business. We rely upon a number of partners to offer streaming of content to various devices. We currently offer viewers the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including internet-enabled televisions, digital video players, game consoles and mobile devices, using third-party platforms and our own VOD platforms, including popcornflix.com. We intend to continue to broaden our capability to instantly stream content to other platforms and partners over time. We do not own any of the technology utilized by third parties in the distribution of our content. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to our streaming content, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. In addition, technology changes may require that our partners update their platforms. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their platforms, our service and our viewers’ use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. 22 Any significant disruption in the computer systems of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service and could adversely impact our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our viewers is dependent upon the reliable performance of the computer systems of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm these systems. Interruptions in these systems, or to the internet in general, could make our content unavailable or impair our ability to deliver such content. Our online activities are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to privacy, which, if violated, could subject us to an increased risk of litigation and regulatory actions. In addition to our websites, we use third-party applications, websites, and social media platforms to promote our video content offerings and engage consumers, as well as monitor and collect certain information about consumers. There are a variety of laws and regulations governing individual privacy and the protection and use of information collected from such individuals, particularly in relation to an individual’s personally identifiable information. Many foreign countries have adopted similar laws governing individual privacy, some of which are more restrictive than similar United States laws. If our online activities were to violate any applicable current or future laws and regulations, we could be subject to litigation and regulatory actions, including fines and other penalties. If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business or incur greater operating expenses. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our operations. If we experience rapid growth, we may not manage our growth effectively, execute our business plan as proposed or adequately address competitive challenges. We anticipate continuing to grow our business and operations rapidly. Our growth strategy includes organic initiatives and acquisitions. Such growth could place a significant strain on the management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure we utilize, most of which is made available to us by our affiliates under the CSS Management Agreement. Our long-term success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage this growth effectively, obtain the necessary support and resources under the CSS Management Agreement and grow our own internal resources as required, including internal management and staff personnel. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we also will need to increase our internal operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. Failure to effectively manage growth could result in difficulty or delays in producing our video content, declines in overall project quality and increases in costs. Any of these difficulties could adversely impact our business financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 23 Our exclusive license to use the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand could be terminated in certain circumstances. We do not own the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand or any other Chicken Soup for the Soul-related assets (including books), other than those assets transferred to us under the CSS Contribution and Trema Contribution Agreements. The brand is licensed to us by CSS under the terms of the CSS License Agreement. CSS controls the brand, and the continued integrity and strength of the Chicken Soup for the Soul brand will depend in large part on the efforts and businesses of CSS and how the brand is used, promoted and protected by CSS, which will be outside of the immediate control of our company. Although the license granted to us under the CSS License Agreement is perpetual, there are certain circumstances in which it may be terminated by CSS, including our breach of the CSS License Agreement. We are subject to risks associated with possible acquisitions, business combinations, or joint ventures. From time to time, we will engage in discussions and activities with respect to possible acquisitions, sale of assets, business combinations, or joint ventures intended to complement or expand our business, some of which may be significant transactions for us. We may not realize the anticipated benefit from any of the transactions we pursue. Regardless of whether we consummate any such transaction, the negotiation of a potential transaction could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of management’s time and resources. Integrating any business that we acquire may be distracting to our management and disruptive to our business and may result in significant costs to us. We could face several challenges in the consolidation and integration of information technology, accounting systems, personnel and operations. Any such transaction could also result in impairment of goodwill and other intangibles, development write-offs and other related expenses. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. Claims against us relating to any acquisition or business combination may necessitate our seeking claims against the seller for which the seller may not indemnify us or that may exceed the seller’s indemnification obligations. There may be liabilities assumed in any acquisition or business combination that we did not discover or that we underestimated in the course of performing our due diligence. Although a seller generally may have indemnification obligations to us under an acquisition or merger agreement, these obligations usually will be subject to financial limitations, such as general deductibles and maximum recovery amounts, as well as time limitations. We cannot assure you that our right to indemnification from any seller will be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset the amount of any undiscovered or underestimated liabilities that we may incur. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. We may require and not be able to obtain additional funding to meet increased capital needs after an acquisition. Our ability to grow through acquisitions, business combinations and joint ventures and our ability to fund our operating expenses after one or more acquisitions may depend upon our ability to obtain funds through equity financing, debt financing (including credit facilities) or the sale or syndication of some or all of our interests in certain projects or other assets or businesses. If we do not have access to such financing arrangements, and if other funds do not become available on terms acceptable to us, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 24 Our success depends on our management and relationships with our affiliated companies. Our success depends to a significant extent on the performance of our management personnel and key employees, including production and creative personnel, made available to us through the CSS Management Agreement. The loss of the services of such persons or the resources supplied to us by our affiliated companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. To be successful, we need to attract and retain qualified personnel. Our success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train and retain qualified professional, creative, technical and managerial personnel. Competition for the caliber of talent required to produce and distribute our video content continues to increase. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in identifying, attracting, hiring, training and retaining such personnel in the future. If we were unable to hire, assimilate and retain qualified personnel in the future, such inability could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. We are an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act of 2012 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company”, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Class A common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We will remain an “emerging growth company” until December 31, 2022, although we will lose that status sooner if our annual gross revenue exceeds $1 billion, if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of June 30 of any year. Our status as an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act of 2012 may make it more difficult to raise capital as and when we need it. Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an “emerging growth company” and because we will have an extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. Any inability to raise additional capital as and when we need it, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 25 Since our content is digitally stored and distributed online, and we accept online payments for various subscription services, causing our business to face numerous cybersecurity risks. We utilize information technology systems, including third-party hosted servers and cloud-based servers, to host our digital content, as well as to keep business, financial, and corporate records, communicate internally and externally, and operate other critical functions. If any of our internal systems or the systems of our third-party providers are compromised due to computer virus, unauthorized access, malware, and the like, then sensitive documents could be exposed or deleted, and our ability to conduct business could be impaired. Cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. These incidents can include, but are not limited to, unauthorized access to our systems, computer viruses or other malicious code, denial of service attacks, malware, ransomware, phishing, SQL injection attacks, human error, or other events that result in security breaches or give rise to the manipulation or loss of sensitive information or assets. Cyber incidents can be caused by various persons or groups, including disgruntled employees and vendors, activists, organized crime groups, and state-sponsored and individual hackers. Cyber incidents can also be caused or aggravated by natural events, such as earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, and telecommunications failures. To date, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks, computer viruses, or other systems failures. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of data maintained in our information systems, it is possible that our security measures will not be able to prevent the systems’ improper functioning or the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. In addition to operational and business consequences, if our cybersecurity is breached, we could be held liable to our customers or other parties in regulatory or other actions, and we may be exposed to reputation damages and loss of trust and business. This could result in costly investigations and litigation, civil or criminal penalties, fines, and negative publicity. Certain information relating to our customers, including personally identifiable information and credit card numbers, is collected and maintained by us, or by third-parties that do business with us or facilitate our business activities. This information is maintained for a period of time for various business purposes, including maintaining records of customer preferences to enhance our customer service and for billing, marketing, and promotional purposes. We also maintain personally identifiable information about our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data is critical to our business. Our customers and our employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information, and the regulations applicable to security and privacy are increasingly demanding. Privacy regulation is an evolving area and compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs or adversely impact our ability to service our customers and market our properties and services. 26 USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that the net proceeds to us from the sale of our Series A Preferred Stock in this offering will be $23.1 million, based on the public offering price of $25.00 per share, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. If the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters is exercised in full, we will receive additional net proceeds of $3.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. We will use the net proceeds of this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes to support our growth and may, in our discretion, use a portion of the net proceeds to fund dividends on any capital stock or repurchases of our Class A common stock in open market and private transactions in accordance with a stock repurchase program approved by our board of directors as further described in our 2017 10-K under the section entitled “ Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities — Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” and under “ Description of Our Capital Stock — Repurchases. ” We are undertaking this offering because we believe we will be able to use the proceeds of the sale of the Series A Preferred Stock to grow our business organically and through acquisitions and generate a return on capital that is greater than the cost of servicing our obligations under the Series A Preferred Stock. We have not allocated any specific portion of the net proceeds to any particular purpose, and our management will have the discretion to allocate the proceeds as it determines. Furthermore, the amount and timing of our actual expenditures will depend on numerous factors, including the cash used in or generated by our operations, future acquisitions, if any, the pace of the integration of any acquired businesses, and the level of our sales and marketing activities. CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our capitalization as of March 31, 2018 as follows: · on an actual basis; · on a pro forma basis to give effect to the events described in footnote (1) below; and · on a pro forma as adjusted basis, reflecting the issuance of 1.0 million shares of Series A Preferred Stock offered by this prospectus, at $25.00 per share, assuming net proceeds of approximately $23.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, but not giving effect to the exercise of the over-allotment option. The information below should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2017 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2017 and our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2018 included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2018, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus. These financial statements should also be read with the “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ,” which is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2018. 27 Pro Forma Actual Pro Forma (1) As Adjusted (2) Senior secured notes payable under revolving line of credit to related party $ 1,700,000 $ - $ - Senior secured notes payable under bank term loan and revolving line of credit, net of deferred finance costs - 7,209,714 7,209,714 1,700,000 7,209,714 7,209,714 Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; [ · ]% Series A cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, no shares issued and outstanding actual; no shares issued and outstanding pro forma; 1,000,000 shares issued and outstanding pro forma as adjusted (liquidation preference $25 per share) $ - $ - $ 100 Class A Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 70,000,000 shares authorized, 3,750,554 shares issued and outstanding 375 375 375 Class B Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 7,859,438 shares issued and outstanding 786 786 786 Additional paid-in capital 32,578,694 32,578,694 55,684,271 Retained earnings 21,776,047 21,776,047 21,776,047 Total stockholders' equity 54,355,902 54,355,902 77,461,579 Total capitalization $ 56,055,902 $ 61,565,616 $ 84,671,293 (1) The “Pro Forma” information gives effect to net proceeds of approximately $6.9 million, net of approximately $290,000 of costs and expenses, which we received on April 27, 2018 under a Bank Loan Facility, with aggregate principal of approximately $7.2 million. Upon receipt of these net proceeds, we repaid in full the senior secured notes payable under the Credit Facility, consisting of $1,700,000 outstanding principal ($1,500,000 principal outstanding at December 31, 2017), plus accrued but unpaid interest. Upon closing of the Bank Loan Facility, the Credit Facility was terminated. The “Pro Forma” information also gives effect to our additional borrowing on May 18, 2018 of $0.3 million under the Bank Loan Facility. The Bank Loan Facility net proceeds are used by us for working capital and other purposes. The term loan of $5.0 million principal bears interest at a rate of 5.75% per annum and is payable monthly together with principal, over a five-year period. The revolving line of credit has availability totaling $2.5 million and bears interest at the prime rate plus 1.5% per annum, with interest only payable monthly over a three-year period, at which time the revolving line shall be renewed or becomes due. (2) The “Pro Forma As Adjusted” information gives effect to all of the Pro Forma information as described above and the sale of the shares of Series A Preferred stock by us in the offering and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived thereby. We will pay all of the expenses of the offering including underwriting discounts and commissions, legal, accounting, printing filing fees and other direct costs. If the underwriters exercise their option in full, total stockholders’ equity will increase by $3,525,000. The table above is based on 3,750,554 shares of Class A common stock and 7,859,438 shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2018, and excludes, as of such date: · 640,000 shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to grants outstanding under our 2017 stock incentive plan (“2017 Plan”); · 360,000 shares of Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2017 Plan; and · 809,440 shares of Class A common stock underlying our outstanding Class W and Class Z warrants with an exercise prices of $7.50 and $12.00 per share, respectively. In January 2018, the Company’s board of directors approved an increase in the shares available under the 2017 Plan from 1,000,000 shares to 1,250,000 shares, pending stockholder approval. 28 DESCRIPTION OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK General We are authorized to issue 70 million shares of Class A common stock, par value $.0001, 20 million shares of Class B common stock, par value $.0001, and 10 million shares of preferred stock, par value $.0001. Pursuant to our financing plan prior to our initial public offering (“IPO”), we issued in several private placements an aggregate of 1,249,090 shares of our Class A common stock and 8,071,955 shares of our Class B common stock, as well as Class W warrants to purchase an aggregate of 678,822 shares of our Class A common stock and Class Z warrants to purchase an aggregate of 130,618 share of our Class A common stock. Certain of the shares of Class B common stock so issued have since been converted into shares of Class A common stock at the election of the holders of such shares and in accordance with the terms thereof. On August 17, 2017, we completed our IPO consisting of 2,500,000 shares of Class A common stock at an offering price of $12.00 per share. The shares of Class A common stock offered and sold in the IPO were comprised of (a) an aggregate of 2,241,983 shares of our newly issued Class A common stock and (b) an aggregate of 258,017 shares of issued and outstanding Class A common stock that were sold by certain non-management, non-affiliated existing stockholders. In connection with the completion of our IPO, the Class A common stock was approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “CSSE.” As of the date of this prospectus, 3,750,554 shares of our Class A common stock are outstanding, 7,859,438 shares of our Class B common stock are outstanding and no shares of our preferred stock are outstanding. We also have outstanding Class W warrants to purchase an aggregate of 678,822 shares of our Class A common stock and Class Z warrants to purchase an aggregate of 130,618 share of our Class A common stock. Common Stock Voting Rights Holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have substantially identical rights, except that holders of shares of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of shares of Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of stockholders, unless otherwise required by law or our charter. See “— Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws,” below. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the voting power voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Dividend Rights Shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock shall be treated equally, identically and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to any dividends or distributions as may be declared and paid from time to time by the board of directors out of any assets legally available therefor. No Preemptive or Similar Rights Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 29 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions Subject to the preferential or other rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding, including the Series A Preferred Stock, upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be entitled to receive ratably all of our assets available for distribution to our stockholders unless disparate or different treatment of the shares of each such class with respect to distributions upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up is approved in advance by the affirmative vote (or written consent if action by written consent of stockholders is permitted at such time under our certificate of incorporation) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class. Merger or Consolidation In the case of any distribution or payment in respect of the shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock upon our consolidation or merger with or into any other entity, or in the case of any other transaction having an effect on stockholders substantially similar to that resulting from a consolidation or merger, such distribution or payment shall be made ratably on a per share basis among the holders of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock as a single class, provided , however , that shares of one such class may receive different or disproportionate distributions or payments in connection with such merger, consolidation or other transaction if (i) the only difference in the per share distribution to the holders of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock is that any securities distributed to the holder of a share Class B common stock have ten times the voting power of any securities distributed to the holder of a share of Class A common stock, or (ii) such merger, consolidation or other transaction is approved by the affirmative vote (or written consent if action by written consent of stockholders is permitted at such time under our Certificate of Incorporation) of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, each voting separately as a class. Conversion The outstanding shares of Class B common stock are convertible at any time as follows: (a) at the option of the holder, a share of Class B common stock may be converted at any time into one share of Class A common stock or (b) upon the election of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock, all outstanding shares of Class B common stock may be converted into shares of Class A common stock. Once converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock will not be reissued. Class W Warrants Each outstanding Class W warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $7.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. Each warrant is exercisable at any time through June 30, 2021 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. As of the date of this prospectus, we have outstanding Class W warrants to purchase an aggregate of 678,822 shares of Class A common stock. If our Class A common stock is traded, listed or quoted on any U.S. market or electronic exchange, and the closing per-share sales price of the Class A common stock for any twenty (20) trading days during a consecutive thirty (30) trading days period exceeds $15.00 (subject to adjustment for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like), then we may call for cancellation of all or any portion of the Class W warrants for which a notice of exercise has not yet been delivered to us for consideration equal to $.01 per Class W warrant, in accordance with the provisions of the Class W warrants. 30 The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the Class W warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the call notice. On and after the call date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the call price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The criteria for calling our Class W warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our call, the call will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the Class W warrants. Holders of the Class W warrants have cashless exercise rights that allow each holder to pay the exercise price by surrendering the Class W warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the Class W warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Class W warrants and the “fair market value” by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the ten trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of the Class W warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Class W warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of any equity or equity-based securities at a price below their respective exercise prices. The Class W warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check or wire transfer payable to us, for the number of Class W warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Class W warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Class W warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Class W warrants. If, upon exercise of the Class W warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Class Z Warrants Each outstanding Class Z warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $12.00 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. Each warrant is exercisable at any time through June 30, 2022 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. As of the date of this prospectus, we have outstanding Class Z warrants to purchase an aggregate of 130,618 shares of Class A common stock. If our Class A common stock is traded, listed or quoted on any U.S. market or electronic exchange, and the closing per-share sales price of the Class A common stock for any twenty (20) trading days during a consecutive thirty (30) trading days period exceeds $18.00 (subject to adjustment for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, stock dividends and the like), then we may call for cancellation of all or any portion of the Class Z warrants for which a notice of exercise has not yet been delivered to us for consideration equal to $.01 per Class Z warrant, in accordance with the provisions of the Class Z warrants. 31 The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the Class Z warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the call notice. On and after the call date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the call price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The criteria for calling our Class Z warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our call, the call will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the Class Z warrants. Holders of the Class Z warrants have cashless exercise rights that allow each holder to pay the exercise price by surrendering the Class Z warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the Class Z warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the Class Z warrants and the “fair market value” by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the ten trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of the Class Z warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Class Z warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of any equity or equity-based securities at a price below their respective exercise prices. The Class Z warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check or wire transfer payable to us, for the number of Class Z warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their Class Z warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Class Z warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Class Z warrants. If, upon exercise of the Class Z warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Preferred Stock Our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock or other series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control of our company and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 32 Our Transfer Agent The transfer agent for our Series A Preferred Stock and Class A common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws Special meeting of stockholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, or by our chairman and chief executive officer or by our secretary at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 60 th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 90 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. In the event that less than 70 days’ notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting of stockholders is given, a stockholder’s notice shall be timely if delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of our annual meeting of stockholders is first made or sent by us. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Dual Voting Structure Our certificate of incorporation provides for two classes of common stock. Holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have substantially identical rights, except that holders of shares of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of shares of Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Holders of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of stockholders, unless otherwise required by law. Accordingly, the holders of shares of Class B common stock will exert significant control over our actions. Removal and Appointment of Directors Our entire board of directors or any individual director may be removed from office with or without cause by a majority vote of the holders of the voting power of outstanding voting power of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. In such case, new directors may be elected by the stockholders then holding a majority of our voting power. Immediately following this offering, our chairman and chief executive officer shall control the substantial majority of our voting power and therefore will be able to unilaterally exercise the foregoing rights. Class B Approval Required for Charter Amendments Any amendment to our certificate of incorporation requires the approval of the majority of the outstanding Class B common stock. This approval requirement is separate and in addition to any general stockholder approval that would be required under our certificate of incorporation and law. 33 Exclusive Forum Selection Our certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits our company by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our and officers. Repurchases We have begun to repurchase shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock from time to time in market or private transactions. In March 2018, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program that will enable us to repurchase up to $5 million of our Class A common stock. The program will help offset the dilutive impact of employee stock option exercises and reflects our belief in our strategy and operations and its commitment to its stockholders. Under the stock repurchase program, we may purchase shares of our Class A common stock through various means, including open market transactions in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or any combination thereof. The number of shares repurchased and the timing of repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, stock price, trading volume and general market conditions, along with our working capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors. The stock repurchase program has no time limit and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time by the board of directors. Repurchases under the stock repurchase program will be funded from our existing cash and cash equivalents or future cash flow and equity or debt financings. As of the date of this prospectus, we have repurchased [ • ] shares of our Class A common stock. Lock-Up Agreements Each of our parent stockholder and its affiliates, directors and executive officers and a former executive officer (collectively, the “Insiders”) entered into an agreement with us in connection with our IPO pursuant to which he, she or it has agreed to not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Company securities prior to February 18, 2019. After such time, the lock-up will automatically end with respect to 1/24 of each class of the Company securities owned by such holder on each monthly anniversary date of the expiration of the lock-up period. We may elect to release any holder from its lock-up at any time or from time to time for any reason or no reason with respect to any or all of the Company securities or any portion thereof. No such release shall be deemed to obligate us to grant any future releases to such holder or any other holder. 34 DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK The description of certain terms of the [ • ]% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock in this prospectus does not purport to be complete and is in all respects subject to, and qualified in its entirety by references to the relevant provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the certificate of designations establishing the terms of our Series A Preferred Stock, our bylaws and Delaware corporate law. Copies of our certificate of incorporation, certificate of designations, bylaws and all amendments thereto, are available from us upon request. General As of the date of this prospectus, we have [ • ] shares of Series A Preferred Stock authorized and no shares outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby, when issued, delivered and paid for in accordance with the terms of our underwriting agreement, will be fully paid and nonassessable. Our board of directors may, without the approval of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or our common stock, designate additional series of authorized preferred stock ranking junior to or on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock or designate additional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and authorize the issuance of such shares. Designation of preferred stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock will require approval of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, as described below in “Voting Rights.” The registrar, transfer agent and dividend and redemption price disbursing agent in respect of the Series A Preferred Stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Listing We will apply to have our Series A Preferred Stock listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “CSSEP.” No closing will be conducted unless the Series A Preferred Stock has been approved for listing on Nasdaq. No Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. Ranking The Series A Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up: · senior to all classes or series of our common stock and to all other equity securities issued by us other than equity securities referred to in the next two bullet points below; · on a parity with all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing that those equity securities rank on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up; · junior to all equity securities issued by us with terms specifically providing for ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up (please see the section entitled “Voting Rights” below); and · effectively junior to all our existing and future indebtedness (including indebtedness convertible to our common stock or preferred stock) and to any indebtedness and other liabilities of (as well as any preferred equity interests held by others in) our existing subsidiaries. 35 Dividends Holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds of the Company legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends at the rate of [ • ]% of the $25.00 per share liquidation preference per annum (equivalent to $[ • ] per annum per share). Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock shall be payable monthly on the 15th day of each month; provided that if any dividend payment date is not a business day, as defined in the certificate of designations, then the dividend that would otherwise have been payable on that dividend payment date may be paid on the next succeeding business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that dividend payment date to that next succeeding business day. Any dividend payable on the Series A Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any partial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months; however, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby will be credited as having accrued dividends since the first day of the calendar month in which they are issued. Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records for the Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be the last day of the calendar month, whether or not a business day, immediately preceding the month in which the applicable dividend payment date falls. As a result, holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends on a dividend payment date if such shares were not issued and outstanding on the applicable dividend record date. No dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be authorized by our board of directors or paid or set apart for payment by us at any time when the terms and provisions of any agreement of ours, including any agreement relating to our indebtedness, prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the agreement or a default under the agreement, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment shall be restricted or prohibited by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will accrue whether or not we have earnings, whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared by our board of directors. No interest, or sum in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock that may be in arrears, and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series A Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend due with respect to those shares. Future distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash flow from operations, financial condition and capital requirements, any debt service requirements and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to make cash distributions on our preferred stock or what the actual distributions will be for any future period. 36 Unless full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no dividends (other than in shares of common stock or in shares of any series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to, or on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Nor shall any other distribution be declared or made upon shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to, or on a parity with, the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. Also, any shares of our common stock or preferred stock that we may issue ranking junior to or on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up shall not be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such shares) by us (except by conversion into or exchange for our other capital stock that we may issue ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up). When dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of any other series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking on a parity as to the payment of dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock that we may issue ranking on a parity as to the payment of dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock shall be declared pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share of Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of preferred stock that we may issue shall in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and such other series of preferred stock that we may issue (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods if such preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock that may be in arrears. Liquidation Preference In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of the assets we have legally available for distribution to our shareholders, subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock we may issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, a liquidation preference of $25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock we may issue that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. In the event that, upon any such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our available assets are insufficient to pay the amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable on all shares of other classes or series of our capital stock that we may issue ranking on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets, then the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all other such classes or series of capital stock shall share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide written notice of any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up no fewer than 10 days prior to the payment date. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. The consolidation or merger of us with or into any other corporation, trust or entity or of any other entity with or into us, or the sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business, shall not be deemed a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us (although such events may give rise to the special optional redemption to the extent described below). 37 Redemption The Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable by us prior to [ • ] 2020, except as described below under “— Special Optional Redemption .” Optional Redemption. On and after [ • ] 2020, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ written notice, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of (i) $25.75 per share (103% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2020 and prior to [ • ] 2021, (ii) $25.50 per share (102% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2021 and prior to [ • ] 2022, and (iii) $25.25 per share (101% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2022 and prior to [ • ] 2023, and $25.00 per share thereafter, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. Special Optional Redemption. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, we may, at our option, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ written notice, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, for cash at a redemption price of $25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. A “Change of Control” is deemed to occur when the following have occurred and are continuing: · the acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a “person” under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act (other than Mr. Rouhana, the chairman of our board of directors, our chief executive officer and our principal stockholder, any member of his immediate family, and any “person” or “group” under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, that is controlled by Mr. Rouhana or any member of his immediate family, any beneficiary of the estate of Mr. Rouhana, or any trust, partnership, corporate or other entity controlled by any of the foregoing), of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of our stock entitling that person to exercise more than 50% of the total voting power of all our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors (except that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition); and · following the closing of any transaction referred to above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class of common securities (or American Depositary Receipts representing such securities) listed on the NYSE, the NYSE MKT or Nasdaq, or listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system that is a successor to the NYSE, the NYSE MKT or Nasdaq. Redemption Procedures. In the event we elect to redeem Series A Preferred Stock, the notice of redemption will be mailed to each holder of record of Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption at such holder’s address as it appears on our stock transfer records, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, and will state the following: · the redemption date; · the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed; · the redemption price; 38 · the place or places where certificates (if any) for the Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; · that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on the redemption date; · whether such redemption is being made pursuant to the provisions described above under “ —Optional Redemption ” or “ —Special Optional Redemption ”; and · if applicable, that such redemption is being made in connection with a Change of Control and, in that case, a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control. If less than all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder shall also specify the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder to be redeemed. No failure to give such notice or any defect thereto or in the mailing thereof shall affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall surrender the Series A Preferred Stock at the place designated in the notice of redemption and shall be entitled to the redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends payable upon the redemption following the surrender. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been given and if we have irrevocably set aside the funds necessary for redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then from and after the redemption date (unless default shall be made by us in providing for the payment of the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any), dividends will cease to accrue on those shares of Series A Preferred Stock, those shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption. If any redemption date is not a business day, then the redemption price and accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any, payable upon redemption may be paid on the next business day and no interest, additional dividends or other sums will accrue on the amount payable for the period from and after that redemption date to that next business day. If less than all of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock is to be redeemed, the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata (as nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional shares) or by any other equitable method we determine. In connection with any redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, we shall pay, in cash, any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, in which case each holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on such dividend record date shall be entitled to the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before such dividend payment date. Except as provided above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed. No shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed unless full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid and all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed. We shall not otherwise purchase or acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series A Preferred Stock (except by exchanging it for our capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the purchase or acquisition by us of shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 39 Subject to applicable law, we may purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the open market, by tender or by private agreement. Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock that we acquire may be retired and reclassified as authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, without designation as to class or series, and may thereafter be reissued as any class or series of preferred stock. Voting Rights Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as otherwise required by law. On each matter on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote. In instances described below where holders of Series A Preferred Stock vote with holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock as a single class on any matter, the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of each such other class or series will have one vote for each $25.00 of liquidation preference (excluding accumulated dividends) represented by their respective shares. Whenever dividends on any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for eighteen or more monthly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically increased by two (if not already increased by two by reason of the election of directors by the holders of any other class or series of our preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and with which the Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote as a class with respect to the election of those two directors) and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two directors) will be entitled to vote for the election of those two additional directors (the “preferred stock directors”) at a special meeting called by us at the request of the holders of record of at least 25% of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock or by the holders of any other class or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of those two preferred stock directors (unless the request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of shareholders, in which case, such vote will be held at the earlier of the next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting until all dividends accumulated on the Series A Preferred Stock for all past dividend periods and the then current dividend period have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment. In that case, the right of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to elect any directors will cease and, unless there are other classes or series of our preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, any preferred stock directors elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall immediately resign and the number of directors constituting the board of directors shall be reduced accordingly. In no event shall the holders of Series A Preferred Stock be entitled under these voting rights to elect a preferred stock director that would cause us to fail to satisfy a requirement relating to director independence of any national securities exchange or quotation system on which any class or series of our capital stock is listed or quoted. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the total number of preferred stock directors elected by holders of the Series A Preferred Stock (voting separately as a class with all other classes or series of preferred stock we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of such directors) under these voting rights exceed two. Any person nominated to serve as a director of our company under the foregoing terms shall be reasonably acceptable to our company. 40 If a special meeting is not called by us within 30 days after request from the holders of Series A Preferred Stock as described above, then the holders of record of at least 25% of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may designate a holder to call the meeting at our expense. If, at any time when the voting rights conferred upon the Series A Preferred Stock are exercisable, any vacancy in the office of a preferred stock director shall occur, then such vacancy may be filled only by a written consent of the remaining preferred stock director, or if none remains in office, by vote of the holders of record of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of the preferred stock directors. Any preferred stock director elected or appointed may be removed only by the affirmative vote of holders of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any other classes or series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable and which classes or series of preferred stock are entitled to vote as a class with the Series A Preferred Stock in the election of the preferred stock directors, such removal to be effected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and any such other classes or series of preferred stock, and may not be removed by the holders of the common stock. So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66.67% of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting (voting together as a class with all other series of parity preferred stock that we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable), (a) authorize or create, or increase the authorized or issued amount of, any class or series of capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up or reclassify any of our authorized capital stock into such shares, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares; or (b) unless redeeming all Series A Preferred Stock in connection with such action, amend, alter, repeal or replace our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including by way of a merger, consolidation or otherwise in which we may or may not be the surviving entity, so as to materially and adversely affect and deprive holders of Series A Preferred Stock of any right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock (each, an “Event”). An increase in the amount of the authorized preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock, or the creation or issuance of any additional Series A Preferred Stock or other series of preferred stock that we may issue, or any increase in the amount of authorized shares of such series, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed an Event and will not require us to obtain 66.67% of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all such other similarly affected series, outstanding at the time (voting together as a class). The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be affected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust to affect such redemption. Except as expressly stated in the certificate of designations or as may be required by applicable law, the Series A Preferred Stock do not have any relative, participating, optional or other special voting rights or powers and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action. 41 Information Rights During any period in which we are not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, we will use our best efforts to (i) make available on our corporate investor webpage, copies of the Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that we would have been required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we were subject thereto (other than any exhibits that would have been required) and (ii) promptly, upon request, supply copies of such reports to any holders of Series A Preferred Stock. We will use our best effort to provide the information to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock within 15 days after the respective dates by which a periodic report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, as the case may be, in respect of such information would have been required to be filed with the SEC, if we were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, in each case, based on the dates on which we would be required to file such periodic reports if we were a “non-accelerated filer” within the meaning of the Exchange Act. No Conversion Rights The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into our common stock or any other security. No Preemptive Rights No holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will, as holders of Series A Preferred Stock, have any preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for our common stock or any other security. Book-Entry Procedures DTC acts as securities depository for our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. With respect to the Series A Preferred Stock offered hereunder, we will issue one or more fully registered global securities certificates in the name of DTC’s nominee, Cede & Co. These certificates will represent the total aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. We will deposit these certificates with DTC or a custodian appointed by DTC. We will not issue certificates to you for the shares of Series A Preferred Stock that you purchase, unless DTC’s services are discontinued as described below. Title to book-entry interests in the Series A Preferred Stock will pass by book-entry registration of the transfer within the records of DTC in accordance with its procedures. Book-entry interests in the securities may be transferred within DTC in accordance with procedures established for these purposes by DTC. Each person owning a beneficial interest in shares of the Series A Preferred Stock must rely on the procedures of DTC and the participant through which such person owns its interest to exercise its rights as a holder of the Series A Preferred Stock. DTC has advised us that it is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered under the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other organizations. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, including the underwriters, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). The rules applicable to DTC and its Direct and Indirect Participants are on file with the SEC. When you purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock within the DTC system, the purchase must be by or through a Direct Participant. The Direct Participant will receive a credit for the Series A Preferred Stock on DTC’s records. You will be considered to be the “beneficial owner” of the Series A Preferred Stock. Your beneficial ownership interest will be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records, but DTC will have no knowledge of your individual ownership. DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts shares of Series A Preferred Stock are credited. 42 You will not receive written confirmation from DTC of your purchase. The Direct or Indirect Participants through whom you purchased the Series A Preferred Stock should send you written confirmations providing details of your transactions, as well as periodic statements of your holdings. The Direct and Indirect Participants are responsible for keeping an accurate account of the holdings of their customers like you. Transfers of ownership interests held through Direct and Indirect Participants will be accomplished by entries on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of the beneficial owners. Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. We understand that, under DTC’s existing practices, in the event that we request any action of the holders, or an owner of a beneficial interest in a global security, such as you, desires to take any action that a holder is entitled to take under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (including the certificate of designations designating the Series A Preferred Stock), DTC would authorize the Direct Participants holding the relevant shares to take such action, and those Direct Participants and any Indirect Participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through those Direct and Indirect Participants to take such action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners owning through them. Any redemption notices with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock will be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are being redeemed, DTC will reduce each Direct Participant’s holdings of shares of Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with its procedures. In those instances where a vote is required, neither DTC nor Cede & Co. itself will consent or vote with respect to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Under its usual procedures, DTC would mail an omnibus proxy to us as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants whose accounts the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are credited to on the record date, which are identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are made directly to DTC’s nominee (or its successor, if applicable). DTC’s practice is to credit participants’ accounts on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on that payment date. Payments by Direct and Indirect Participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name.” These payments will be the responsibility of the participant and not of DTC, us or any agent of ours. DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock at any time by giving reasonable notice to us. Additionally, we may decide to discontinue the book-entry only system of transfers with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. In that event, we will print and deliver certificates in fully registered form for the Series A Preferred Stock. If DTC notifies us that it is unwilling to continue as securities depositary, or it is unable to continue or ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not appointed by us within 90 days after receiving such notice or becoming aware that DTC is no longer so registered, we will issue the Series A Preferred Stock in definitive form, at our expense, upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, such global security. According to DTC, the foregoing information with respect to DTC has been provided to the financial community for informational purposes only and is not intended to serve as a representation, warranty or contract modification of any kind. 43 Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures Initial settlement for the Series A Preferred Stock will be made in immediately available funds. Secondary market trading among DTC’s participants occurs in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC’s rules and will be settled in immediately available funds using DTC’s Same-Day Funds Settlement System. Credit Rating of Our Series A Preferred Stock Our Series A Preferred Stock has initially been rated BBB(-) by Egan-Jones Rating Co., a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). The Series A Preferred Stock has not been rated by any other NRSRO or other agency. A securities rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Series A Preferred Stock. Any rating may be subject to revision upward or downward or withdrawal at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant that change. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. No report of any rating agency is being incorporated herein by reference. The credit ratings assigned by Egan-Jones are based, in varying degrees, on the following considerations: · Likelihood of payment-capacity and willingness of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on an obligation in accordance with the terms of the obligation; · Nature of and provisions of the obligation; · Protection afforded by, and relative position of, the obligation in the event of bankruptcy, reorganization, or other arrangement under the laws of bankruptcy and other laws affecting creditors' rights. Credit ratings assigned by Egan-Jones are expressed in terms of default risk. The rating scale utilized by Egan-Jones is as follows: · AAA -- An obligation rated 'AAA' has the highest rating assigned by Egan-Jones's. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. · AA - - An obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is very strong. · A - - An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. · BBB - - An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. · BB, B, CCC, CC, and C - - Obligations rated 'BB', 'B', 'CCC', 'CC', and 'C' are regarded as having significant speculative characteristics. 'BB' indicates the least degree of speculation and 'C' the highest. While such obligations will likely have some quality and protective characteristics, these may be outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposures to adverse conditions. · D - - An obligation rated 'D' is in payment default. The 'D' rating category is used when payments on an obligation are not made on the date due even if the applicable grace period has not expired, unless Egan-Jones's believes that such payments will be made during such grace period. The 'D' rating also will be used upon the filing of a bankruptcy petition or the taking of a similar action if payments on an obligation are jeopardized. · Plus (+) or minus (-) - - The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 44 CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be applicable to “U.S. holders” and “non-U.S. holders” (each as defined below) with respect to the initial purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock offered by this prospectus. This discussion only applies to purchasers who purchase and hold the Series A Preferred Stock as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) (generally property held for investment). This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to each purchaser or holder of the Series A Preferred Stock in light of its particular circumstances. This discussion is based upon provisions of the Code, Treasury regulations, rulings and judicial decisions as of the date hereof. These authorities may change, perhaps retroactively, which could result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those summarized below. This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation (such as the alternative minimum tax) and does not describe any foreign, state, local or other tax considerations that may be relevant to a purchaser or holder of the Series A Preferred Stock in light of their particular circumstances. In addition, this discussion does not describe the U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to a purchaser or a holder of the Series A Preferred Stock who is subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws (including, a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax, a pass-through entity or an investor in a pass-through entity, a tax-exempt entity, pension or other employee benefit plans, financial institutions or broker-dealers, persons holding the Series A Preferred Stock as part of a hedging or conversion transaction or straddle, a person subject to the alternative minimum tax, an insurance company, former U.S. citizens or former long-term U.S. residents). We cannot assure you that a change in law will not significantly alter the tax considerations that we describe in this discussion. If a partnership (or any other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds the Series A Preferred Stock, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner of that partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partnership or a partner of a partnership holding the Series A Preferred Stock, you should consult your tax advisors as to the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Series A Preferred Stock. You should consult your own tax advisor concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to you of acquiring, owning, and disposing of these securities, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local, foreign, or other tax jurisdiction and the possible effects of changes in U.S. federal or other tax laws. U.S. Holders Subject to the qualifications set forth above, the following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may relate to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock by “U.S. holders.” You are a “U.S. holder” if you are a beneficial owner of Series A Preferred Stock and you are for U.S. federal income tax purposes; · an individual citizen or resident of the United States; · a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; · an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 45 · a trust if it (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. Distributions in General. If distributions are made with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, such distributions will be treated as dividends to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined under the Code. Any portion of a distribution that exceeds such earnings and profits will first be applied to reduce a U.S. holder’s tax basis in the Series A Preferred Stock on a share-by-share basis, and the excess will be treated as gain from the disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock, the tax treatment of which is discussed below under “ Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations - U.S. Holders: Disposition of Series A Preferred Stock, Including Redemptions .” Under current law, dividends received by individual holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be subject to a reduced maximum tax rate of 20% if such dividends are treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Individual shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of these rules in light of their particular circumstances. Dividends received by corporate shareholders generally will be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Each domestic corporate holder of the Series A Preferred Stock is urged to consult with its tax advisors with respect to the eligibility for and the amount of any dividends received deduction and the application of Code Section 1059 to any dividends it may receive on the Series A Preferred Stock. Constructive Distributions on Series A Preferred Stock . A distribution by a corporation of its stock may be deemed made with respect to its preferred stock in certain circumstances, even when no distribution of cash or property occurs, and such a deemed distribution is treated as a distribution of property to which Section 301 of the Code applies. If a corporation issues preferred stock that may be redeemed at a price higher than its issue price, the excess (a “redemption premium”) is treated under certain circumstances as a constructive distribution (or series of constructive distributions) of additional preferred stock. The constructive distribution of property equal to the redemption premium would accrue without regard to the holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes at a constant yield determined under principles similar to the determination of original issue discount (“OID”) pursuant to Treasury regulations under Sections 1271 through 1275 of the Code (the “OID Rules”). The constructive distributions of property would be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as actual distributions of the Series A Preferred Stock that would constitute a dividend, return of capital or capital gain to the holder of the stock in the same manner as cash distributions described under “ Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations - U.S. Holders: Distributions in General .” The application of principles similar to those applicable to debt instruments with OID to a redemption premium for the Series A Preferred Stock is uncertain. We have the right to call the Series A Preferred Stock for redemption on or after [ • ], 2020 (the “call option”), and have the option to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock upon any Change of Control (the “contingent call option”). The stated redemption price of the Series A Preferred Stock upon any redemption pursuant to our call option or contingent call option is equal to (i) $25.75 per share (103% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2020 and prior to [ • ] 2021, (ii) $25.50 per share (102% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2021 and prior to [ • ] 2022, and (iii) $25.25 per share (101% of par) if redeemed after [ • ] 2022 and prior to [ • ] 2023, and $25.00 per share thereafter, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends and is payable in cash. If the redemption price of the Series A Preferred Stock exceeds the issue price of the Series A Preferred Stock upon any redemption pursuant to our call option or contingent call option, the excess will be treated as a redemption premium that may result in certain circumstances in a constructive distribution or series of constructive distributions to U.S. holders of additional Series A Preferred Stock. Assuming that the issue price of the Series A Preferred Stock is determined under principles similar to the OID Rules, the issue price for the Series A Preferred Stock should be the initial offering price to the public (excluding bond houses and brokers) at which a substantial amount of the Series A Preferred Stock is sold. A redemption premium for the Series A Preferred Stock should not result in constructive distributions to U.S. holders of the Series A Preferred Stock if the redemption premium is less than a de minimis amount as determined under principles similar to the OID Rules. A redemption premium for the Series A Preferred Stock should be considered de minimis if such premium is less than 0.0025 of the Series A Preferred Stock’s liquidation value of $25.00 at maturity, multiplied by the number of complete years to maturity. Because the determination under the OID Rules of a maturity date for the Series A Preferred Stock is unclear, the remainder of this discussion assumes that the Series A Preferred Stock is issued with a redemption premium greater than a de minimis amount. The call option should not require constructive distributions of the redemption premium, if based on all of the facts and circumstances as of the issue date, a redemption pursuant to the call option is not more likely than not to occur. The Treasury regulations provide that an issuer’s right to redeem will not be treated as more likely than not to occur if: (i) the issuer and the holder of the stock are not related within the meaning of Section 267(b) or Section 707(b) of the Code (substituting “20%” for the phrase “50%”); (ii) there are no plans, arrangements, or agreements that effectively require or are intended to compel the issuer to redeem the stock; and (iii) exercise of the right to redeem would not reduce the yield on the stock determined using principles applicable to the determination of OID under the OID Rules. The fact that a redemption right is not within the safe harbor described in the preceding sentence does not mean that an issuer’s right to redeem is more likely than not to occur and the issuer’s right to redeem must still be tested under all the facts and circumstances to determine if it is more likely than not to occur. We do not believe that a redemption pursuant to the call option should be treated as more likely than not to occur under the foregoing test. Accordingly, no U.S. holder of the Series A Preferred Stock should be required to recognize constructive distributions of the redemption premium because of our call option. Prospective holders of the Series A Preferred Stock should consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential implications of the constructive distribution rules. Disposition of Series A Preferred Stock, Including Redemptions Upon any sale, exchange, redemption (except as discussed below) or other disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock, a U.S. holder will recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized by the U.S. holder and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Series A Preferred Stock. Such capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder’s holding period for the Series A Preferred Stock is longer than one year. A U.S. holder should consult its own tax advisors with respect to applicable tax rates and netting rules for capital gains and losses. Certain limitations exist on the deduction of capital losses by both corporate and non-corporate taxpayers. A redemption of your Series A Preferred Stock for cash will be treated as a sale or exchange if it (1) results in a “complete termination” of a your interest in our stock, (2) is not “essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to you, or (3) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to you, each within the meaning of Section 302(b) of the Code. In determining whether any of these tests have been met, stock considered to be owned by you by reason of certain constructive ownership rules, as well as shares actually owned by you, must generally be taken into account. If you do not own (actually or constructively) any additional Series A Preferred Stock or our common stock, or own only an insubstantial percentage of our stock, and do not participate in our control or management, a redemption of your Series A Preferred Stock will generally qualify for sale or exchange treatment. Otherwise, the redemption may be taxable as a dividend to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as discussed above with respect to distributions generally. Because the determination as to whether any of the alternative tests of Section 302(b) of the Code will be satisfied with respect to any particular U.S. holder depends upon the facts and circumstances at the time that the determination must be made, prospective U.S. holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of a redemption. If a redemption of Series A Preferred Stock is treated as an exchange, it will be taxable as described in the preceding paragraph. If a redemption is treated as a distribution, the entire amount received will be treated as a distribution and will be taxable as described under the caption “— Distributions in General ” above. 46 Additional Medicare Contribution Tax An additional tax of 3.8% generally will be imposed on the “net investment income” of U.S. holders who meet certain requirements and are individuals, estates or certain trusts. Among other items, “net investment income” generally includes gross income from dividends and net gain attributable to the disposition of certain property, such as shares of our Series A Preferred Stock. In the case of individuals, this tax will only apply to the lesser of (i) the individual’s “net investment income” or (ii) the excess of such individual's modified adjusted gross income over $200,000 ($250,000 for married couples filing a joint return and surviving spouses, and $125,000 for married individuals filing a separate return). U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible applicability of this additional tax in their particular circumstances. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. Information reporting and backup withholding may apply with respect to payments of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and to certain payments of proceeds on the sale or other disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock. Certain non-corporate U.S. holders may be subject to U.S. backup withholding (currently at a rate of 24%) on payments of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and certain payments of proceeds on the sale or other disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock unless the beneficial owner thereof furnishes the payor or its agent with a taxpayer identification number, certified under penalties of perjury, and certain other information, or otherwise establishes, in the manner prescribed by law, an exemption from backup withholding. U.S. backup withholding tax is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, which may entitle the U.S. holder to a refund, provided the U.S. holder timely furnishes the required information to the Internal Revenue Service. Non-U.S. Holders Subject to the qualifications set forth above, the following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock by certain “Non-U.S. holders.” You are a “Non-U.S. holder” if you are a beneficial owner of the Series A Preferred Stock and you are not a “U.S. holder.” Distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock. If distributions are made with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, such distributions will be treated as dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits as determined under the Code and may be subject to withholding as discussed below. Any portion of a distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits will first be applied to reduce the Non-U.S. holder’s basis in the Series A Preferred Stock and, to the extent such portion exceeds the Non-U.S. holder’s basis, the excess will be treated as gain from the disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock, the tax treatment of which is discussed below under “ Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations — Non-U.S. Holders: Disposition of Series A Preferred Stock, Including Redemptions .” In addition, if we are a U.S. real property holding corporation, i.e. a “USRPHC,” and any distribution exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits, we will need to choose to satisfy our withholding requirements either by treating the entire distribution as a dividend, subject to the withholding rules in the following paragraph (and withhold at a minimum rate of 15% or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty for distributions from a USRPHC), or by treating only the amount of the distribution equal to our reasonable estimate of our current and accumulated earnings and profits as a dividend, subject to the withholding rules in the following paragraph, with the excess portion of the distribution subject to withholding at a rate of 15% or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty as if such excess were the result of a sale of shares in a USRPHC (discussed below under “ Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations — Non-U.S. Holders: Disposition of Series A Preferred Stock, Including Redemptions ”), with a credit generally allowed against the Non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability in an amount equal to the amount withheld from such excess. 47 Dividends paid to a Non-U.S. holder of the Series A Preferred Stock will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. However, dividends that are effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. holder within the United States (and, where a tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. holder in the United States) are not subject to the withholding tax, provided that certain certification and disclosure requirements are satisfied including completing Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or other applicable form). Instead, such dividends are subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States person as defined under the Code, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise. Any such effectively connected dividends received by a foreign corporation may be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-U.S. holder of the Series A Preferred Stock who wishes to claim the benefit of an applicable treaty rate and avoid backup withholding, as discussed below, for dividends will be required to (i) complete Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable form) and certify under penalty of perjury that such holder is not a United States person as defined under the Code and is eligible for treaty benefits, or (ii) if the Series A Preferred Stock is held through certain foreign intermediaries, satisfy the relevant certification requirements of applicable Treasury regulations. A Non-U.S. holder of the Series A Preferred Stock eligible for a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax pursuant to an income tax treaty may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the Internal Revenue Service. Disposition of Series A Preferred Stock, Including Redemptions. Any gain realized by a Non-U.S. holder on the disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax unless: · the gain is effectively connected with a trade or business of the Non-U.S. holder in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. holder in the United States); · the Non-U.S. holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition, and certain other conditions are met; or · we are or have been a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as such term is defined in Section 897(c) of the Code, and such Non-U.S. holder owned directly or pursuant to attribution rules at any time during the five-year period ending on the date of disposition more than 5% of the Series A Preferred Stock. This assumes that the Series A Preferred Stock is regularly traded on an established securities market, within the meaning of Section 897(c)(3) of the Code. 48 A Non-U.S. holder described in the first bullet point immediately above will generally be subject to tax on the net gain derived from the sale under regular U.S. federal income tax rates in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States person as defined under the Code, and if it is a corporation, may also be subject to the branch profits tax equal to 30% of its effectively connected earnings and profits or at such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. An individual Non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet point immediately above will be subject to a flat 30% tax (or at such reduced rate as may be provided by an applicable treaty) on the gain derived from the sale, which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses, even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States. A Non-U.S. holder described in the third bullet point above will be subject to U.S. federal income tax under regular U.S. federal income tax rates with respect to the gain recognized in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States person as defined under the Code. If a Non-U.S. holder is subject to U.S. federal income tax on any sale, exchange, redemption (except as discussed below), or other disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock, such a Non-U.S. holder will recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized by the Non-U.S. holder and the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Series A Preferred Stock. Such capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Non-U.S. holder’s holding period for the Series A Preferred Stock is longer than one year. A Non-U.S. holder should consult its own tax advisors with respect to applicable tax rates and netting rules for capital gains and losses. Certain limitations exist on the deduction of capital losses by both corporate and non-corporate taxpayers. The receipt of any redemption proceeds attributable to any accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock generally will be subject to the rules discussed above in “ Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations — Non-U.S. Holders: Distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock .” A payment made in redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock may be treated as a dividend, rather than as payment in exchange for the Series A Preferred Stock, in the same circumstances discussed above under “ Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations — U.S. Holders: Disposition of Series A Preferred Stock, Including Redemptions .” Each Non-U.S. holder of the Series A Preferred Stock should consult its own tax advisors to determine whether a payment made in redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock will be treated as a dividend or as payment in exchange for the Series A Preferred Stock. Information reporting and backup withholding. We must report annually to the Internal Revenue Service and to each Non-U.S. holder the amount of dividends paid to such Non-U.S. holder and the tax withheld with respect to such dividends, regardless of whether withholding was required. Copies of the information returns reporting such dividends and withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which the Non-U.S. holder resides under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-U.S. holder will not be subject to backup withholding on dividends paid to such Non-U.S. holder as long as such Non-U.S. holder certifies under penalty of perjury that it is a Non-U.S. holder (and the payor does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that such Non-U.S. holder is a United States person as defined under the Code), or such Non-U.S. holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Depending on the circumstances, information reporting and backup withholding may apply to the proceeds received from a sale or other disposition of the Series A Preferred Stock unless the beneficial owner certifies under penalty of perjury that it is a Non-U.S. holder (and the payor does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the beneficial owner is a United States person as defined under the Code), or such owner otherwise establishes an exemption. U.S. backup withholding tax is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a Non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (provisions which are commonly referred to as “FATCA”), generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividends on Series A Preferred Stock paid on or after July 1, 2014, and the gross proceeds of a sale or other disposition of Series A Preferred Stock paid on or after January 1, 2019, to: (i) a foreign financial institution (as that term is defined in Section 1471(d)(4) of the Code) unless that foreign financial institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury Department to collect and disclose information regarding U.S. account holders of that foreign financial institution (including certain account holders that are foreign entities that have U.S. owners) and satisfies other requirements; and (ii) specified other foreign entities unless such an entity certifies that it does not have any substantial U.S. owners or provides the name, address and taxpayer identification number of each substantial U.S. owner and such entity satisfies other specified requirements. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of FATCA to them and whether it may be relevant to their purchase, ownership and disposition of Series A Preferred Stock. 49 UNDERWRITING We are offering shares of our Series A Preferred Stock as described in this prospectus through the underwriters named below. Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. is acting as the sole book-running manager and representative of the underwriters. We have entered into an underwriting agreement with the representative. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters have agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock listed next to each of its name in the following table: Underwriter Number of Shares Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. 800,000 The Benchmark Company 100,000 Northland Securities, Inc. (1) 100,000 Total 1,000,000 (1) Northland Capital Markets is the trade name for certain capital markets and investment banking services of Northland Securities, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters must buy all of the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby if they buy any of them. Our shares of Series A Preferred Stock, however, are offered subject to a number of conditions, including: · receipt and acceptance of our shares by the underwriters; and · the underwriters’ right to reject orders in whole or in part. In connection with this offering, the underwriters or securities dealers may distribute prospectuses electronically. We have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to 150,000 additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the public offering price listed on the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting discounts and commissions. To the extent the option is exercised, each underwriter will become obligated, subject to certain conditions, to purchase about the same percentage of the additional Series A Preferred Stock as the number listed next to the underwriter’s name in the preceding table bears to the total number of Series A Preferred Stock listed next to the names of all underwriters in the preceding table. We expect that delivery of the Series A Preferred Stock will be made against payment thereof on or about ____________ [●], 2018, which will be the fifth business day following the trade date of the Series A Preferred Stock (such settlement cycle being herein referred to as “T + 5”). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Series A Preferred Stock on the date of pricing or the next business day will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Series A Preferred Stock initially will settle T + 5, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock who wish to trade the Series A Preferred Stock on the date of pricing of the Series A Preferred Stock or the next business day should consult their own advisor. Underwriting Discount Shares sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. Any shares sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount of up to $ [ ● ] per share from the public offering price and the dealers may reallow a concession not in excess of $[●] per share to other dealers. Sales of shares made outside of the United States may be made by affiliates of the underwriters. If all the shares are not sold at the initial public offering price, the representative may change the offering price and the other selling terms. Upon execution of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase the shares at the prices and upon the terms stated therein. The following table shows the per-share and total underwriting discount we will pay to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to 150,000 additional shares. No Exercise Full Exercise Per Share $ 1.50 $ 1.50 Total $ 1,500,000 $ 1,725,000 We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable by us, not including the underwriting discounts and commissions and fees, will be approximately $ [ ● ] . In addition we have agreed to pay for the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriters legal counsel, not to exceed [ ● ] . Indemnification We have agreed to indemnify the underwriter against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. If we are unable to provide this indemnification, we have agreed to contribute to payments the underwriter may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. No Sales of Similar Securities Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, we have agreed not to sell or transfer any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or any equity securities similar to or ranking on par with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for the Series A Preferred Stock or similar, parity or senior equity securities for a period of 90 days after the date of this prospectus without first obtaining the written consent of Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., the representative of the underwriters. Specifically, we have agreed, with certain limited exceptions, not to directly or indirectly: • offer, pledge, sell or contract to sell any shares of Series A Preferred Stock; • sell any option or contract to purchase any shares of Series A Preferred Stock; • purchase any option or contract to sell any shares of Series A Preferred Stock; • grant any option, right or warrant for the sale of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock; • lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock; • file or cause to be filed any registration statement with respect to any of the foregoing; or • enter into any swap or other agreement or transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of the Series A Preferred Stock, whether any such swap or transaction is to be settled by delivery of shares or other securities, in cash or otherwise. This lock-up provision applies to shares of Series A Preferred Stock or any equity securities similar to or ranking on par with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for the Series A Preferred Stock or similar, parity or senior equity securities. Nasdaq Listing No market currently exists for the Series A Preferred Stock. We have applied to have our Series A Preferred Stock listed on the Nasdaq Global Marker under the symbol “CSSEP.” If the application is approved, trading of the Series A Preferred Stock is updated to commence within 30 days of the initial delivery of the Series A Preferred Stock. The underwriters have advised us that they intend to make a market in the Series A Preferred Stock prior to any trading commencing, but are not obligated to do so and may discontinue market making at any time without notice. No assurance can be given as to the liquidity of the trading market for the Series A Preferred Stock. 50 Price Stabilization; Short Positions and Penalty Bids In order to facilitate the offering of the Series A Preferred Stock, the underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the Series A Preferred Stock. Specifically, the underwriters may sell more shares than they are obligated to purchase under the underwriting agreement, creating a short position. A short sale is covered if the short position is no greater than the number of shares available for purchase by the underwriters under the over-allotment option to purchase additional shares. The underwriters can close out a covered short sale by exercising the over-allotment option or purchasing shares in the open market. In determining the source of shares to close out a covered short sale, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the open market price of shares compared to the price available under the option. The underwriters may also sell shares in excess of the option, creating a naked short position. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the Series A Preferred Stock in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. The underwriters may also impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular underwriter repays to the representative a portion of the underwriting discount received by it because the representative has repurchased shares sold by or for the account of that underwriter in stabilizing or short covering transactions. These stabilizing transactions, short sales, purchases to cover positions created by short sales, the imposition of penalty bids and syndicate covering transactions may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock or preventing or retarding a decline in the price of our Series A Preferred Stock. As a result of these activities, the price thereof may be higher than otherwise might exist in the open market. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation that the underwriters will engage in these transactions, or make any representation with respect to the effect of any such transactions. As an additional means of facilitating this offering, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, Series A Preferred Stock in the open market to stabilize the price of the Series A Preferred Stock. These activities may raise or maintain the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock above independent market levels or prevent or retard a decline in the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. The underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. Determination of Offering Price Prior to this offering, there was no public market for our Series A Preferred Stock. The initial public offering price will be determined by negotiation between us and Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., the representative of the underwriters. The principal factors to be considered in determining the initial public offering price include: · the information set forth in this prospectus and otherwise available to the representative; · our history and prospects and the history and prospects for the industry in which we compete; · our past and present financial performance; · our prospects for future earnings and the present state of our development; · the general condition of the securities market at the time of this offering; · the recent market prices of, and demand for, publicly traded preferred stock of generally comparable companies; and · other factors deemed relevant by the underwriters and us. The estimated public offering price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus is subject to change as a result of market conditions and other factors. Neither we nor the underwriters can assure investors that an active trading market will develop for our Series A Preferred Stock or that the Series A Preferred Stock will trade in the public market at or above the initial public offering price. Right of First Refusal If, during the six-month period following the closing of this offering, we require the services of an investment banker, financial advisor or similar professional in connection with an additional capital raise of the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock, Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. will have the exclusive right to act as lead or joint-lead underwriter or placement agent in such offering assuming the key terms and conditions of a proposal by Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. are substantially similar to such key terms and conditions provided by a qualified third party professional. Affiliations The underwriters and their affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The underwriters and their affiliates may from time to time in the future engage with us and perform services for us or in the ordinary course of their business for which they will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of us. The underwriters and its affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of these securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in these securities and instruments. Additional Future Arrangements Other than as described above, we are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any underwriter and no fees for such services will be paid to any underwriter prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering. 51 Electronic Distribution A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the Internet sites or through other online services maintained by the underwriters participating in this offering, or by their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and, depending upon the particular underwriter, prospective investors may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on any underwriter’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by an underwriter is not part of the prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or any underwriter in its capacity as underwriter and should not be relied upon by investors. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the Series A Preferred Stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Graubard Miller, New York, New York. Graubard Miller and certain of its partners and family members own shares of the Class A common stock and Class W warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock of CSSE and certain Class B membership interests in Chicken Soup for the Soul Holdings, LLC, our ultimate parent company. Crowell & Moring LLP, San Francisco, California, is representing the underwriters in this offering. Graubard Miller has provided legal services to Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., the sole book-running manager, from time to time. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of CSSE and subsidiaries as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated by reference in reliance upon the report of Rosenfield and Company, PLLC, independent registered public accounting firm, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus constitutes a part of a registration statement on Form S-1 filed by us with the SEC under the Securities Act with respect to our Series A Preferred Stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. We have omitted certain parts of the registration statement, as allowed by the rules and regulations of the SEC. You may wish to inspect the registration statement and the exhibits to that registration statement for further information with respect to us and the Series A Preferred Stock offered by this prospectus. Copies of the registration statement and the exhibits to such registration statement are on file at the offices of the SEC and may be obtained upon payment of the prescribed fee or may be examined without charge at the public reference facilities of the SEC described below. Statements contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus concerning the provisions of certain documents are necessarily summaries of the material provisions of such documents, and each statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copy of the applicable document filed with the SEC. We file annual reports, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 52 We maintain an Internet website at www.cssentertainment.com. All of our reports filed with the SEC (including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements) are accessible through the Investor Relations section of our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing. The reference to our website in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only and is not a hyperlink. The contents of our website are not part of this prospectus, and you should not consider the contents of our website in making an investment decision with respect to our securities. INCORPORATION OF INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus information contained in documents that we file with it. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference into this prospectus is an important part of this prospectus, and information we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings we will make with the SEC under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the date that the offering of the securities by means of this prospectus is completed or terminated, including all such documents we may file with the SEC (other than, in each case, documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules, including Current Reports on Form 8-K furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01, including any financial statements or exhibits relating thereto furnished pursuant to Item 9.01): · our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2018; · our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 27, 2018; and · our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 3, 2018. Any statement incorporated by reference in this prospectus from an earlier dated document that is inconsistent with a statement contained in this prospectus or in any other document filed after the date of the earlier dated document, but prior to the date hereof, which also is incorporated by reference into this prospectus, shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus by such statement contained in this prospectus or in any other document filed after the date of the earlier dated document, but prior to the date hereof, which also is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Any person, including any beneficial owner, to whom this prospectus is delivered may request copies of this prospectus and any of the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus, without charge, by written request directed to CSSE at Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment Inc., P.O. Box 700, Cos Cob Connecticut 06807, or by e-mail to invest@chickensoupforthesoul.com, or from the SEC through the SEC’s Internet website at the address provided under “ Where You Can Find More Information .” Documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus are available without charge, excluding any exhibits to those documents unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference into those documents. Except as expressly provided above, no other information, including none of the information on our website, is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our directors and officers are indemnified as provided by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and our amended and restated bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 53 Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. 1,000,000 Shares of [ • ]% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock $25.00 per Share Liquidation Preference $25.00 per Share PROSPECTUS Sole Book-running Manager Ladenburg Thalmann Co-Managers Northland Capital Markets The Benchmark Company [ • ] 2018 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows: SEC Registration Fee 3,579.38 FINRA filing fee Accounting fees and expenses Nasdaq listing fees Printing and engraving expenses Legal fees and expenses Miscellaneous Total $ ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, a director of Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. (the “Corporation”) shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or to its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Article Eight of our certificate of incorporation also provides: “The Corporation shall indemnify, advance expenses, and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person (a “Covered Person”) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (a “Proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise, or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liabilities and losses suffered and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by such Covered Person. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except for claims for indemnification (following the final disposition of such Proceeding) or advancement of expenses not paid in full, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Covered Person only if the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the Covered Person was authorized in the specific case by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Any amendment, repeal, or modification of this Paragraph EIGHTH shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.” II- 1 Furthermore, our bylaws provide (A) for indemnification of Covered Persons as set forth above, and (B) that there shall be no personal liability of directors or officers of the Corporation to any stockholder for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, provided that the bylaws shall not limit the liability of a director or officer for: (i) any breach of the duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) actions or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law also provides for indemnification of officers, directors, employees, and agents of Delaware corporations. It is set forth below: “Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance. (a) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful. (b) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. (c) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. II- 2 (d) Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iv) by the stockholders. (e) Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. (g) A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. (h) For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. II- 3 (i) For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section. (j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (k) The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).” We have entered into, and intend to continue to enter into, separate indemnification agreements with our directors, executive officers, and other key employees, in addition to the indemnification provided for in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. We also have directors and officers insurance which includes insurance for claims against these persons brought under securities laws. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES (a) During the past three years, we sold the following shares of common stock without registration under the Securities Act: Between June 2016 and June 2017, the Company sold a total of an aggregate of approximately $2.5 million of Class A common stock and warrants in private placements. Beginning in June 2016 and through November 2016, the Company sold in a separate private placement to accredited investors $1.0 million of units, consisting of an aggregate of 170,960 shares of Class A common stock and Class W warrants to purchase an aggregate of 51,288 shares of Class A common stock. Beginning in December 2016 and through March 2017, the Company sold in a separate private placement to accredited investors $975,710 of units, consisting of an aggregate of 150,112 shares of Class A common stock and Class W warrants to purchase an aggregate of 45,034 shares of Class A common stock. During May and June 2017, the Company sold in two separate equity private placements, a total of an aggregate of 55,000 shares of Class A common stock and Class Z warrants to purchase an aggregate of 50,000 shares of Class A common stock. In June 2017, at the election of certain holders of the Company’s notes payable (“Term Notes”), the Company converted $918,000 of Term Notes into 102,060 Class A common shares at a conversion price per share of $9 and issued Class Z warrants to purchase an aggregate of 30,618 shares of Class A common stock at $12 per share, to those noteholders that elected to convert. II- 4 In November 2017, we completed our acquisition of all the membership interests of Screen Media for approximately $4.9 million in cash and the issuance of 35,000 shares of our Class A common stock and our Class Z warrants exercisable into 50,000 shares of our Class A common stock at $12 per share. During the quarter ended December 31, 2017, the Company granted stock options to employees to acquire 175,000 shares of its Class A common stock at exercise prices between $7.16 and $9.61 per share (the “Options”) valued at $802,625 upon grant. The Options were granted pursuant to the Plan. The Options vest quarterly or semi-annually over the three year period from the date of grant. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement: Exhibit No. Description Exhibit No. as Previously Filed 1.1 Underwriting Agreement*** 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of CSS Entertainment** 2.1 3.2 By-laws of CSS Entertainment** 2.2 3.3 Certificate of Designations, Rights and Preferences of Series A Preferred Stock* 4.1 Specimen CSS Entertainment Series A Preferred Stock Certificate*** 4.2 Form of Series A Preferred Stock Certificate*** 5.1 Opinion of Graubard Miller (and Consent)*** 10.1 Trademark and Intellectual Property License Agreement between CSS Entertainment and CSS Entertainment for the Soul, LLC** 6.1 10.2 Management Services Agreement between CSS Entertainment and Chicken Soup for the Soul, LLC** 6.2 10.3 Contribution Agreement between CSS Entertainment and Chicken Soup for the Soul, LLC and Chicken Soup for the Soul Productions, LLC** 6.3 10.4 Contribution Agreement between CSS Entertainment and Trema, LLC** 6.4 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement** 6.5 10.10 Form of Lock-up Agreement between Insiders and our Company** 6.10 10.12 Form of Lock-up Agreement between Non-Insiders and our Company** 6.12 10.14 Loan and Security Agreement with Patriot Bank, N.A.**** 10.1 23.1 Consent of Rosenfield and Company, PLLC* * Included herewith. ** Incorporated by reference to the exhibit indicated above, as filed previously with our Form 1-A (SEC No. 024-10704) (under the exhibit numbers utilized in such Form 1-A). *** To be filed by amendment. **** Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit indicated above, as filed previously with our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 3, 2018. II- 5 ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS. (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: II- 6 (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (d) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 7 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Cos Cob, Connecticut, on the 13 th day of June, 2018. CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE SOUL ENTERTAINMENT, INC. By: /s/ William J. Rouhana, Jr. Name: William J. Rouhana, Jr. Title: Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of William J. Rouhana, Jr., Scott W. Seaton and Daniel M. Pess his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement, and to sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by the registration statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act, and all post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date By: /s/ William J. Rouhana Jr. William J. Rouhana Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) June 13 , 2018 By: /s/ Scott W. Seaton Scott W. Seaton Vice Chairman and Director June 13 , 2018 By: /s/ Daniel M. Pess Daniel M. Pess Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting) June 13 , 2018 By: /s/ Amy Newmark Amy Newmark Director June 13 , 2018 By: /s/ Peter Dekom Peter Dekom Director Jun 13 , 2018 By: /s/ Fred Cohen Fred Cohen Director June 13 , 2018 By: /s/ Christina Weiss Lurie Christina Weiss Lurie Director June 13 , 2018 By: /s/ Diana Wilkin Diana Wilkin Director June 13 , 2018
