UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Gold Standard Mining Company (Exact Name of registrant in its charter) Nevada 6770 (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 226 North Cottonwood Drive Gilbert, Arizona 85234 Telephone (801) 830-8288 Email kimds@investmentcatalyst.com Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) Elaine Dowling, Esq. EAD Law Group, LLC 10624 S. Eastern Ave. Ste. A-107 Henderson, NV 89104 (702) 306-6317 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Copies to: Elaine Dowling, Esq. EAD Law Group, LLC 10624 S. Eastern Ave. Ste. A-107 Henderson, NV 89104 (702) 306-6317 eadlawgroup@gmail.com Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered are being offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box ☒ . If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ☐ . If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ☐ . If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or, an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”, and “emerging growth company”, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ (Do not check if smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company ☒ . Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per share (1) Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee (2) Common Stock-New Issue 3,000,000 $0.35 $1,050,000.00 $121.69 (1)This is an initial offering of securities by the registrant and no current trading market exists for our common stock. The Offering price of the common stock offered hereunder has been arbitrarily determined by the Company and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to the assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth of the Company. (2) Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o). The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this document is not complete and may be changed. The Company may not sell the securities offered by this document until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and the Company is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities, in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Prospectus Gold Standard Mining Company 1,000,000 minimum up to 3,000,000 maximum Shares of Common Stock, $0.35 per share Gold Standard Mining Company (“GSMC” or the "Company") is offering on a best-efforts basis a minimum of 1,000,000 and a maximum of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $0.35 per share. The shares are intended to be sold directly through the efforts of Kim D. Southworth who is acting as the exclusive sales agent for this offering. The intended methods of communication include, without limitation, telephone and personal contacts. For more information, see the section titled "Plan of Distribution" herein. This offering constitutes the initial public offering of Gold Standard Mining Company The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to Branch Banking and Trust Company fbo Gold Standard Mining Company. All subscription funds will be held in trust in a non-interest bearing Trust Account at Branch Banking and Trust Company and no funds shall be released to Gold Standard Mining Company until such a time as the minimum offering is reached or exceeded and the offering is closed (which could include when the maximum amount is reached) which release shall be limited to 10% of the proceeds. The funds will be deposited by noon the next business day from receipt of the funds. If the minimum offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of the effectiveness of this post-effective amendment, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees. In which case all Trust fees shall be borne by registrant. See the section entitled "Plan of Distribution” herein. Neither the Company nor any subscriber shall receive interest no matter how long subscriber funds might be held. The offering may terminate on the earlier of: (i) the date when the sale of all 3,000,000 shares to be sold by the issuer is completed, (ii) any time after the minimum is reached at the discretion of the Board of Directors (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for Gold Standard Mining Company's common stock. The Company is a development stage company which currently has limited operations and has not generated any revenue. Therefore, any investment involves a high degree of risk. The Company is conducting a "Blank Check" offering subject to Rule 419 of Regulation C as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "S.E.C.") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").The offering proceeds and the securities to be issued to investors must be deposited in an account (non-interest bearing) (the "Deposited Funds" and "Deposited Securities," respectively). While held in the trust account, the deposited securities may not be traded or transferred other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (26 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), or Title 1 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), or the rules thereunder. Except for an amount up to 10% of the deposited funds otherwise releasable upon entire completion of the offering, the deposited funds and the deposited securities may not be released until an acquisition meeting certain specified criteria (See Plan of Distribution) has been consummated and sufficient investors reconfirm their investment in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 419 so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated. It is a requirement under Rule 419(e) of the Securities Act that the net assets or fair market value of any business to be acquired must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds. This acquisition may be consummated using proceeds of this offering, loans or equity. Pursuant to these procedures, a new prospectus, which describes an acquisition candidate and its business and includes audited financial statements, will be delivered to all investors. The Company must return the investor’s funds to any investor who does not elect to remain an investor (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company.) Unless sufficient investors (investors constituting at least 80% of the funds raised) elect to remain investors so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated, all investors will receive the return of his deposited funds (minus up to 10% which may be release to the registrant upon entire completion of the offering) and none of the deposited securities will be issued to investors. The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. The Company is an Emerging Growth Company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. In the event an acquisition is not consummated within 18 months of the effective date of this prospectus, the deposited funds will be returned to all investors ( each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company) Until 90 days after the date funds and securities are released from the trust or trust account pursuant to Rule 419, all dealers effecting transactions in the registered securities, whether or not participating in this distribution, may be required to deliver a prospectus. THIS INVESTMENT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD PURCHASE ONLY IF YOU CAN AFFORD A COMPLETE LOSS OF YOUR INVESTMENT. SEE THE SECTION ENTITLED “RISK FACTORS” HEREIN ON PAGE 9. Number of Shares Offering Price Proceeds to the Company Per Share 1 $0.35 $0.35 Minimum 1,000,000 $350,000 $350,000 Maximum 3,000,000 $1,050,000 $1,050,000 **The Trust Fee is a flat fee and not calculated on a Per Share basis. This Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THESE SECURITIES, OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. Subject to completion, dated ____________ TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGES PART I – INFORMATION REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Summary Information and Risk Factors 3 Use of Proceeds 16 Determination of Offering Price 16 Dilution 17 Selling Shareholder 18 Plan of Distribution 18 Description of Securities to be Registered 20 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 21 Information with Respect to the Registrant 22 Description of Business 22 Description of Property 23 Legal Proceedings 23 Market price and Dividends on the Issuer’s Common Stock 23 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 24 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 28 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 28 Executive Compensation 29 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 30 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 30 Reports to Security Holders 30 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification 31 Financial Statements – Audited Financial Statements for the period ended December 31, 2016 F-1 2 SUMMARY INFORMATION AND RISK FACTORS Rights and Protections Under Rule 419 The net proceeds (minus commissions) of this offering will be placed in an trust account until the completion of a merger or acquisition as detailed herein (other than up to 10% of the proceeds that may be released to the company upon when the minimum offering is reached or exceeded and the offering is closed (which could include when the maximum amount is reached) the minimum offering is reached and the offering is closed, which is expected to occur prior to entry into an acquisition agreement). The registrant may not be successful in the offering or a merger or acquisition. Such trusted funds may not be used for salaries or reimbursable expenses. Branch Banking and Trust Company is acting as Trustee for this offering. The Company is conducting a "Blank Check" offering subject to Rule 419 of Regulation C as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "S.E.C.") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). The offering proceeds and the securities to be issued to investors must be deposited in a trust account (the "Deposited Funds" and "Deposited Securities," respectively). While held in the trust account, the deposited securities may not be traded or transferred. Except for an amount up to 10% of the deposited funds otherwise releasable upon entire completion of the offering, the deposited funds and the deposited securities may not be released until an acquisition meeting certain specified criteria (See Plan of Distribution) has been consummated and sufficient investors reconfirm their investment in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 419 so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated. Pursuant to these procedures, a new prospectus, which describes an acquisition candidate and its business and includes audited financial statements, will be delivered to all investors. The Company must return the deposited funds to any investor who does not elect to remain an investor (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). Unless sufficient investors elect to remain investors so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated, all investors will be entitled to the return of the deposited funds and none of the deposited securities will be issued to investors. The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. In the event an acquisition is not consummated within 18 months of the effective date of this prospectus, the deposited funds will be returned to all investors (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). The reconfirmation offer must commence within five business days after the effective date of the post-effective amendment. The post-effective amendment will contain information about the acquisition/merger candidate including their financials. The reconfirmation is for the protection of the investors as investors will have an opportunity to review information on the merger/acquisition entity and to have their subscriptions canceled and payment refunded or reconfirm their subscriptions. Pursuant to Rule 419, the terms of the reconfirmation offer must include the following conditions: (1) The prospectus contained in the post-effective amendment will be sent to each investor whose securities are held in the trust account within five business days after the effective date of the post-effective amendment; 2) Each investor will have no fewer than 20, and no more than 45, business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment to notify the Company in writing that the investor elects to remain an investor; (3) If the Company does not receive written notification from any investor within 45 business days following the effective date the Deposited Funds held in the trust account on such investor's behalf will be returned to the investor within five business days by first class mail or other equally prompt means; ( The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company.) (4) The acquisition(s) will be consummated only if sufficient investors elect to reconfirm their investments so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated; and 3 (5) If a consummated acquisition(s) has not occurred within 18 months from the date of this prospectus, the Deposited Funds held in the trust account shall be returned to all investors within five business days by first class mail or other equally prompt means minus up to 10% that may be released to the registrant after the entire completion of the offering. T he funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following summary is qualified in its entirety by detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus ("Prospectus"). Each prospective investor is urged to read this Prospectus, and the attached Exhibits, in their entirety. THE COMPANY Business Overview Gold Standard Mining Company ("GSMC") or the "Company"), incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 22, 2016, to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception and has no operations to date. Other than issuing shares to its original shareholder, the Company never commenced any operational activities. The Company was formed by Kim D. Southworth, the initial director, for the purpose of creating a corporation which could be used to consummate a merger or acquisition. Mr. Southworth serves as President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director. Mr. Southworth determined next to proceed with filing a Form S-1. Mr. Southworth has no specific experience, qualification, attributes or skills to perform as a director of a blank check company nor in the acquisition of acquisition candidates. Mr. Southworth, the President and Director, elected to commence implementation of the Company's principal business purpose, described below under "Plan of Operation". As such, the Company can be defined as a "shell" company, whose sole purpose at this time is to locate and consummate a merger or acquisition with a private entity. The proposed business activities described herein classify the Company as a "blank check" company. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale securities of "blank check" companies in their prospective jurisdictions. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in the Company's securities until such time as the Company has successfully implemented its business plan described herein. Mr. Southworth as the sole officer and director and sole signatory on this registration statement is bound thereby by Rule 419 as it relates to the sale of his shares. As of the date of this prospectus, the company has 10,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding and are all held by Advanced Business Strategies, LLC our sole shareholder. Gold Standard Mining Company’s corporate offices are located at 226 North Cottonwood Drive, Gilbert, Arizona 85234, with a telephone number of (801) 830-8288 Gold Standard Mining Company’s fiscal year end is December 31. The Company is an Emerging Growth Company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. The Company shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of-- ‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; ‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under this title; 4 ‘(C) the date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or ‘(D) the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a ‘large accelerated filer’, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 14A and B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. The Company has irrevocably opted out of the extended t ransition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Act. CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our capitalization as of December 31, 2016. December 31 2016 Audited Current Assets $ 2,500 Other Assets 0 Current Liabilities $ 0 Long-term liabilities 0 Common stock 10,000 Share Subscription Receivable (4,000 ) Accumulated deficit (3,500 ) Total stockholders’ (deficit) equity 2,500 Total capitalization $ 0 THE OFFERING Gold Standard Mining Company is offering, on a best effort, basis, a minimum of 1,000,000 and a maximum of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $0.35 per share. The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to "Branch Banking and Trust Company fbo Gold Standard Mining Company” and will be deposited in a non-interest bearing bank account until the trust conditions are met and thus no interest shall be paid to any investor or to the Company. The funds will be deposited by noon the next business day from receipt of the funds. The trust conditions are as follows: (1) The Trustee has received written certification from the Company and any other evidence acceptable by the Trustee that the Company has executed an agreement for the acquisition(s) of a business(es) the value of which represents at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds (the acquisition to be completed through the use of the proceeds of this offering, loans or equity) (both company and selling shareholder sales) and has filed the required post-effective amendment, the post-effective amendment has been declared effective, the mandated reconfirmation offer having the conditions prescribed by Rule 419 has been completed, and the Company has satisfied all of the prescribed conditions of the reconfirmation offer (sufficient (both company and selling shareholder) must have voted in favor of reconfirmation so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated); and 5 (2) The acquisition(s) of the business(es) the value of which represents at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds is (are) consummated or (3) The deposited funds shall be returned to investors in the event that the minimum offering amount is not raised within 180 days (in which case the securities are returned to the company All subscription agreements and checks are irrevocable and should be delivered to Branch Banking and Trust Company, at the address provided on the Subscription Agreement. Failure to do so will result in checks being returned to the investor who submitted the check. All subscription funds will be held in trust and no funds shall be released to Gold Standard Mining Company until such a time as the trust conditions are met (see the section titled "Plan of Distribution" herein) other than 10% which may only be released to Gold Standard Mining Company upon the time when the minimum offering is reached or exceeded and the offering is closed (which could include when the maximum amount is reached). The offering may terminate (see the section titled "Plan of Distribution" herein) at any time after the minimum is reached at the discretion of the Board of Directors up to the time that the offering is filled or a maximum of 180 days and that the time frame for doing so would rest upon whether in the opinion of the Board of Directors it was unlikely to complete the full offering and that allowing the offering to run the full 180 days would endanger the likelihood of completion of an acquisition/merger and POS AM within the 18 months allowed under Rule 419, or (ii) 180 days from the effective date of this post-effective amendment. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest (since the funds are being held in a non-interest bearing account) or deduction of fees. T he amount of funds actually collected in the trust account from checks that have cleared the interbank payment system, as reflected in the records of the insured depository institution, is the only factor assessed in determining whether the minimum offering condition has been met. Such minimum must be reached prior to the expiration of the offering. The Company will cause to be issued stock certificates of common stock purchased within five (5) day of the receipt of subscription to allow for the clearance of funds and will within 1 day of issuance cause such shares to be delivered to the Trustees account at Branch Banking and Trust Company. Mr. Southworth, our sole officer and director may not purchase any shares covered by this registration statement. The Company is conducting a "Blank Check" offering subject to Rule 419 of Regulation C as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "S.E.C.") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). The offering proceeds and the securities to be issued to investors must be deposited in an trust account (the "Deposited Funds" and "Deposited Securities," respectively). While held in the trust account, the deposited securities may not be traded or transferred. Except for an amount up to 10% of the deposited funds otherwise releasable upon entire completion of the offering, the deposited funds and the deposited securities may not be released until an acquisition meeting certain specified criteria (See Plan of Distribution) has been consummated and sufficient investors reconfirm their investment in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 419 so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated. Pursuant to these procedures, a new prospectus, which describes an acquisition candidate and its business and includes audited financial statements, will be delivered to all investors. The Company must return the deposited funds to any investor who does not elect to remain an investor (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). Unless sufficient investors elect to remain investors so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated, all investors will be entitled to the return of the deposited funds and none of the deposited securities will be issued to investors (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). In the event an acquisition is not consummated within 18 months of the effective date of this prospectus, the deposited funds will be returned to all investors. The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. 6 The reconfirmation offer must commence within five business days after the effective date of the post-effective amendment. The post-effective amendment will contain information about the acquisition/merger candidate including their financials. The reconfirmation is for the protection of the investors as investors will have an opportunity to review information on the merger/acquisition entity and to have their subscriptions canceled and payment refunded or reconfirm their subscriptions. Pursuant to Rule 419, the terms of the reconfirmation offer must include the following conditions: (1) The prospectus contained in the post-effective amendment will be sent to each investor whose securities are held in the trust account within five business days after the effective date of the post-effective amendment; 2) Each investor will have no fewer than 20, and no more than 45, business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment to notify the Company in writing that the investor elects to remain an investor; (3) If the Company does not receive written notification from any investor within 45 business days following the effective date, the Deposited Funds held in the trust account on such investor's behalf will be returned to the investor within five business days by first class mail or other equally prompt means; (The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company.) (4) The acquisition(s) will be consummated only if sufficient investors elect to reconfirm their investments so that the remaining funds are adequate to complete the acquisition; and (5) If a consummated acquisition(s) has not occurred within 18 months from the date of this prospectus, the Deposited Funds held in the trust account shall be returned to all investors within five business days by first class mail or other equally prompt means minus up to 10% that may be released to the registrant after the entire completion of the offering. The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. The offering price of the common stock has been determined arbitrarily and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth. Gold Standard Mining Company has chosen Island Stock Transfer, 15500 Roosevelt Blvd., Suite 301, Clearwater, Florida 33760 as its transfer agent. The Company expects to seek quotations for its securities upon completion of the offering and a merger/acquisition and the reconfirmation offering. The purchase of the common stock in this offering involves a high degree of risk. The common stock offered in this prospectus is for investment purposes only and currently no market for our common stock exists. Please refer to the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Dilution" before making an investment in this stock. 7 SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following table sets forth summary financial data derived from our financial statements. T he Audited Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. The data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements, related notes and other financial information included in this prospectus. Audited Statement of Operations data August 22, 2016 (Date of Inception) to December 31, 2016 EXPENSES General & Administrative $ 725 Professional Fees 2,775 Total Expenses 3,500 NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS $ (3,500 ) BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE $ (0.00 ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 2,290,076 Balance sheet data December 31, 2016 ASSETS Current Assets Cash $ 2,500 Total Current Assets 2,500 TOTAL ASSETS $ 2,500 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Authorized Common Stock 75,000,000 shares at $0.001 Issued and Outstanding 10,000,000 Common Shares at December 31, 2016 $ 10,000 Share Subscription Receivable (4,000 ) Accumulated Deficit (3,500 ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 2,500 TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 2,500 8 RISK FACTORS Investment in the securities offered hereby involves certain risks and is suitable only for investors of substantial financial means. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this prospectus, before making an investment decision concerning the common stock. This section discloses all of the material risks of an investment in this Company. HAVING A SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR MAY HINDER OPERATIONS RESULTING IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS. Gold Standard Mining Company’s operations depend solely on the efforts of Kim D. Southworth, the sole officer and director of the Company. Mr. Southworth has no specific experience, qualification, attributes or skills to perform as a director of a blank check company nor in the acquisition of acquisition candidates. Mr. Southworth has no experience related to public company management, nor as a principal accounting officer. Because of this, the Company may be unable to offer and sell the shares in this offering, develop our business or manage our public reporting requirements. The Company cannot guarantee that it will be able overcome any such obstacles. While seeking a business combination, our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth anticipates devoting approximately ten hours per month to the business of the Company. The Company's officer has not entered into a written employment agreement with the Company and is not expected to do so in the foreseeable future. The Company has not obtained key man life insurance on its officer and director. Notwithstanding the combined limited experience and time commitment of our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, loss of the services of this individual would adversely affect development of the Company's business and its likelihood of continuing operations. The Company has no other full or part time employees. See " DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS ." POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST MAY RESULT IN LOSS OF BUSINESS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS. Kim D. Southworth is involved in other employment opportunities and may periodically face a conflict in selecting between Gold Standard Mining Company and other personal and professional interests. Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts should they occur. If the Company loses Mr. Southworth to other pursuits without a sufficient warning, the Company may, consequently, go out of business. Our officer and director is not a full time employee of our company and is actively involved in other business pursuits. He also intends to form additional blank check companies in the future that will have corporate structures and business plans that are similar or identical to ours. Accordingly, he may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest. Since our officer and director is not required to devote any specific amount of time to our business, he will experience conflicts in allocating his time among his various business interests. Moreover, any future blank check companies that are organized by our officer and director may compete with our company in the search for a suitable target. RULE 419 LIMITATIONS MAY LIMIT BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . Rule 419 requires that the securities to be issued and the funds received in this offering be deposited and held in a trust account pending the completion of a qualified acquisition. Before the acquisition can be completed and before the funds and securities can be released, the Company will be required to update its registration statement with a post-effective amendment. After the effective date of any such post-effective amendment, the Company is required to furnish investors with the new prospectus containing information, including audited financial statements, regarding the proposed acquisition candidate and its business. Investors must decide to remain investors or require the return of their investment funds. Any investor not making a decision within 45 days of the effectiveness of the post-effective amendment will automatically receive a return of his investment funds. Up to 10% of the proceeds from the offering may be released to the Company upon entire completion of the offering and therefore may not be returned to investors. Although investors may request the return of their funds in connection with the reconfirmation offering required, the Company's shareholders will not be afforded an opportunity to approve or disapprove any particular transaction prior to delivery of their investment to the Company for deposit into the escrow. 9 THE FACT THAT NO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ARE BEING REQUIRED PRIOR TO BUSINESS COMBINATION BEING DEEMED PROBABLE MAY DECREASE CONFIDENCE IN AVAILABLE FINANCIALS. The Company shall not require the business combination target to provide audited financial statements until it is probable that an agreement for merger or acquisition may be reached, thus there is the risk that the unaudited statements which are provided to the Company during its due diligence may contain errors that an audit would have found thus exposing the investors to the risk that the business combination target may not be as valuable as it appears during the combination approval process. It is anticipated that any acquisition will not be deemed probable until the point of the signing of either a Letter of Intent (“LOI”) or agreement. The audits will be required at this time in order to be included in the post-effective amendment required by Rule 419. The Issuer does not anticipate seeking such acquisition until the point that the minimum offering has been exceeded and sales have ceased. PROHIBITION TO SELL OR OFFER TO SELL SHARES IN TRUST ACCOUNT MAY LIMIT LIQUIDITY FOR A SIGNIFICANT PERIOD OF TIME. It shall be unlawful for any person to sell or offer to sell Shares held in the trust account other than pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order or by will or the laws of descent and distribution. As a result investors may be unable to sell or transfer their shares for a significant period of time. THE FACT THAT THE COMPANY HAS DISCRETIONARY USE OF PROCEEDS IN THIS "BLANK CHECK" OFFERING MAY LEAD TO UNCERTAINTY AS TO FUTURE BUSINESS SUCCESS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . As a result of our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth's broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of this offering, this offering can be characterized as a "blank check" offering. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering are intended generally to be applied toward affecting a Business Combination, such proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any more specific purposes. Accordingly, prospective investors will invest in the Company without an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. There can be no assurance that determinations ultimately made by the Company relating to the specific allocation of the net proceeds of this offering will permit the Company to achieve its business objectives. See "Description of Business." MR. SOUTHWORTH’S LACK OF EXPERIENCE MAY RESULT IN THE ACQUISTION OR ATTEMPTED ACQUISITON WITHOUT DISCOVERY OF ADVERSE FACTS WHICH MAY RESULT IN A FAILED ACQUISITION. The company may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about a potential opportunity or business acquisition given Mr. Southworth’s lack of experience in the mergers and acquisitions field. Mr. Southworth will run Google background checks on the potential officers and directors and examine the audited financials provided. AN ACQUISITION CANDIDATE MAY BE IN THE EARLY STAGES OF DEVELOPMENT OR BE FINANCIALLY UNSTABLE WHICH MAY RESULT IN A FAILED ACQUISITION OR IN FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS AFTER AN ACQUISITION. A target company may be financially unstable, or may be in its early stages of development or growth without established records of sales or earnings. Thus it is possible that any such acquisition will fail or that the company’s business may fail after completion of an acquisition resulting in a complete loss of the investor’s investment. THE LIMITED AMOUNT OF THE RAISE MAY SIGNIFICANTLY RESTRICT AVALIABLE CANDIDATES. The Company is raising a maximum of $1,050,000 in gross proceeds from this offering. This limited amount of gross proceeds may significantly restrict the type and number of transaction candidates available to the Company and we may not locate a suitable business opportunity as a result. 10 THE COMPANY’S SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO THE PENNY STOCK RULES WHICH MAY LIMIT INVESTMENT. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange system). The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer, and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from such rules, the broker/dealer must make a special written determination that a penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These heightened disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the number of broker/dealers willing to make a market in our shares, reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market that may develop for our shares, and accordingly, customers in our securities may find it difficult to sell their securities, if at all. I nvestors in penny stocks may be entitled to cancel the purchase and receive a refund if a sale is in violation of the penny stock rules or other federal or states securities laws and if a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, investors may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for damages. MR. SOUTHWORTH MAY NOT PAY ALL THE EXPENSES OF THE OFFERING RESULTING IN THE FAILURE TO COMPLETE THIS OFFERING WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . Mr. Southworth has agreed to pay all the expenses of this offering however there is no enforceable agreement to this effect and thus in the event that Mr. Southworth fails to pay all the expenses of this offering, the offering may not be completed resulting in the lack of success of the Company’s business plan. REGULATIONS CONCERNING "BLANK CHECK" ISSUERS MAY LIMIT BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The ability to register or qualify for sale the Shares for both initial sale and secondary trading is limited because a number of states have enacted regulations pursuant to their securities or "blue sky" laws restricting or, in some instances, prohibiting, the sale of securities of "blank check" issuers, such as the Company, within that state. In addition, many states, while not specifically prohibiting or restricting "blank check" companies, may not register the Shares for sale in their states. Because of such regulations and other restrictions, the Company's selling efforts, and any secondary market which may develop, may only be conducted in those jurisdictions where an applicable exemption is available or a blue sky application has been filed and accepted or where the Shares have been registered. NO OPERATING HISTORY OR REVENUE AND MINIMAL ASSETS RESULTS IN NO ASSURANCE OF SUCCESS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The Company has had no operating history nor any revenues or earnings from operations. The Company has no significant assets or financial resources. The Company will, in all likelihood, sustain operating expenses without corresponding revenues, at least until the consummation of a business combination. This may result in the Company incurring a net operating loss which will increase continuously until the Company can consummate a business combination with a profitable business opportunity. This may lessen the possibility of finding a suitable acquisition or merger candidate as such loss would be inherited on their financial statements. There is no assurance that the Company can identify such a business opportunity and consummate such a business combination. SPECULATIVE NATURE OF COMPANY'S PROPOSED OPERATIONS RESULTS IN NO ASSURANCE OF SUCCESS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The success of the Company's proposed plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations, financial condition and management of the identified business opportunity. While our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth intends to seek business combinations with entities having established operating histories, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in locating candidates meeting such criteria. In the event the Company completes a business combination, of which there can be no assurance, the success of the Company's operations may be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond the Company's control. SCARCITY OF AND COMPETITION FOR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES AND COMBINATIONS MAY LIMIT POSSIBLE BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The Company is and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with and acquisitions of small private entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities, including venture capital firms, are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies which may be desirable target candidates for the Company. Nearly all such entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than the Company and, consequently, the Company will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. Moreover, the Company will also compete in seeking merger or acquisition candidates with numerous other small public companies. 11 SINCE THERE IS NO AGREEMENT FOR BUSINESS COMBINATION OR OTHER TRANSACTION AND NO STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS COMBINATION AT THE TIME OF THE INITIAL INVESTMENT, THE INVESTORS MAY NOT APPROVE THE TRANSACTION WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE TO ENTER INTO A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS COMBINATION. The Company has no arrangement, agreement or understanding with respect to engaging in a merger with, joint venture with or acquisition of, an entity. There can be no assurance the Company will be successful in identifying and evaluating suitable business opportunities or in concluding a business combination. Our sole officer and director has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluations. The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception and has no operations to date. Other than issuing shares to its original shareholder, the Company never commenced any operational activities. There is no assurance the Company will be able to negotiate a business combination on terms favorable to the Company. The Company has not established a specific length of operating history or a specified level of earnings, assets, net worth or other criteria which it will require a target business opportunity to have achieved, and without which the Company would not consider a business combination in any form with such business opportunity. It is a requirement under Rule 419(e) of the Securities Act that the net assets or fair market value of any business to be acquired must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds. The acquisition may be consummated through the use of the offering proceeds, loans or equity. THE COMPANY’S REPORTING REQUIREMENTS MAY DELAY OR PRECLUDE ACQUISITION WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The Company will be required to provide certain information about significant acquisitions, including certified financial statements for the company acquired, covering one or two years, depending on the relative size of the acquisition. The time and additional costs that may be incurred by some target entities to prepare such statements may significantly delay or essentially preclude consummation of an otherwise desirable acquisition by the Company. Acquisition prospects that do not have or are unable to obtain the required audited statements may not be appropriate for acquisition so long as the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act are applicable. THE COMPANY’S LACK OF MARKET RESEARCH OR MARKETING ORGANIZATION MAY LIMIT BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The Company has neither conducted, nor have others made available to it, results of market research indicating that market demand exists for the transactions contemplated by the Company. Moreover, the Company does not have, and does not plan to establish, a marketing organization. Even in the event demand is identified for a merger or acquisition contemplated by the Company, there is no assurance the Company will be successful in completing any such business combination. THE COMPANY’S LACK OF DIVERSIFICATION MAY LIMIT FUTURE BUSINESS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The Company's proposed operations, even if successful, will in all likelihood result in the Company engaging in a business combination with only one business opportunity. Consequently, the Company's activities will be limited to those engaged in by the business opportunity which the Company merges with or acquires. The Company's inability to diversify its activities into a number of areas may subject the Company to economic fluctuations within a particular business or industry and therefore increase the risks associated with the Company's operations. THE COMPANY MAY FALL UNDER POSSIBLE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REGULATION WHICH MAY INCREASE COSTS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . Although the Company will be subject to regulation under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, believes the Company will not be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, insofar as the Company will not be engaged in the business of investing or trading in securities. In the event the Company engages in business combinations which result in the Company holding passive investment interests in a number of entities, the Company could be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. In such event, the Company would be required to register as an investment company and could be expected to incur significant registration and compliance costs. The Company has obtained no formal determination from the Securities and Exchange Commission as to the status of the Company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and, consequently, any violation of such Act would subject the Company to material adverse consequences. 12 THE PROBABLE CHANGE IN CONTROL AND MANAGEMENT UPON A BUSINESS COMBINATION MAY RESULT IN UNCERTAIN MANAGEMENT FUTURE WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . A business combination involving the issuance of the Company's common stock will, in all likelihood, result in shareholders of a private company obtaining a controlling interest in the Company. Any such business combination may require our sole officer and director of the Company, Mr. Southworth, to sell or transfer all or a portion of the Company's common stock held by him, or resign as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. The resulting change in control of the Company could result in removal of the present officer and director of the Company and a corresponding reduction in or elimination of his participation in the future affairs of the Company. THE REDUCTION OF PERCENTAGE SHARE OWNERSHIP FOLLOWING A BUSINESS COMBINATION MAY RESULT IN DILUTION. The Company's primary plan of operation is based upon a business combination with a private concern which, in all likelihood, would result in the Company issuing securities to shareholders of such private company. The issuance of previously authorized and unissued common stock of the Company would result in reduction in percentage of shares owned by present and prospective shareholders of the Company and would most likely result in a change in control or management of the Company. THE DISADVANTAGES OF A BLANK CHECK OFFERING MAY DISCOURAGE BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . The Company may enter into a business combination with an entity that desires to establish a public trading market for its shares. A potential business combination candidate may find it more beneficial to go public directly rather than through a combination with a blank check company and the requirements of a post-effective amendment and having to clear its application to trade using information provided by the Company rather than its own internal information. THE POSSIBLE FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION OF A BUSINESS COMBINATION MAY DISCOURAGE BUSINESS COMBINATIONS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . Federal and state tax consequences will, in all likelihood, be major considerations in any business combination the Company may undertake. Currently, such transactions may be structured so as to result in tax- free treatment to both companies, pursuant to various federal and state tax provisions. The Company intends to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences to both the Company and the target entity; however, there can be no assurance that such business combination will meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization or that the parties will obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of stock or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of both federal and state taxes which may have an adverse effect on both parties to the transaction, reduce the future value of the shares and potentially discourage a business combination. BLUE SKY CONSIDERATIONS MAY LIMIT SALES IN CERTAIN STATES RESULTING IN A LONGER TIME TO COMPLETION OF THE OFFERING OR FAILURE OF THE OFFERING ALL TOGETHER. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws of any state, and the Company has no current plans to register or qualify its shares in any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue sky restrictions upon the ability of new investors to purchase the securities which could reduce the size of the potential market. As a result of recent changes in federal law, non-issuer trading or resale of the Company's securities is exempt from state registration or qualification requirements in most states. However, some states may continue to attempt to restrict the trading or resale of blind-pool or "blank-check" securities. Accordingly, investors should consider any potential secondary market for the Company's securities to be a limited one. SINCE THERE IS NO ASSURANCE SHARES WILL BE SOLD THIS MAY RESULT IN LIMITING FUTURE OPERATING CAPITAL. The 3,000,000 Common Shares to be sold by the issuer are to be offered directly by the Company, and no individual, firm, or corporation has agreed to purchase or take down any of the shares. No assurance can be given that any or all of the Shares will be sold. 13 THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS ANALYSIS BEING DONE BY A NON-PROFESSIONAL MAY INCREASE RISK OF POOR ANALYSIS WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . Analysis of business operations will be undertaken by our sole officer and director who is not a professional business analyst. Thus, the depth of such analysis may not be as great as if undertaken by a professional which increases the risk that any merger or acquisition candidate may not continue successfully. THE ARBITRARY OFFERING PRICE MEANS THE SHARES MAY NOT REFLECT FAIR MARKET VALUE. The Offering Price of the Shares bears no relation to book value, assets, earnings, or any other objective criteria of value. They have been arbitrarily determined by the Company. There can be no assurance that, even if a public trading market develops for the Company's securities, the Shares will attain market values commensurate with the Offering Price. IF THE COMPANY LACKS SUCCESSFUL MARKETING EFFORTS THIS MAY RESULT IN FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS. One of the methods the Company will use to find potential merger or acquisition candidates will be to run classified ads in the Wall Street Journal and similar publications periodically seeking companies which are looking to merge with a public shell. Other methods included personal contacts and contacts gained through social networking. There is no evidence showing that these methods of identifying a suitable merger opportunity will be successful. Lack of identification and completion of a successful merger/acquisition will render the shares sold hereunder worthless. SINCE THERE IS NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR COMPANY'S SECURITIES THE LIQUIDITY OF THE SHARES MAY BE LIMITED. Prior to the Offering, there has been no public market for the Shares being offered. There can be no assurance that an active trading market will develop or that purchasers of the Shares will be able to resell their securities at prices equal to or greater than the respective initial public offering prices. No trading of our common stock will be permitted until following our consummation of a business combination meeting the requirements of Rule 419(e)(1)(ii). The market price of the Shares may be affected significantly by factors such as announcements by the Company or its competitors, variations in the Company's results of operations, and general market conditions. No trading in our common stock being offered will be permitted until the completion of a business combination meeting the requirements of Rule 419. Movements in prices of stock may also affect the market price in general. As a result of these factors, purchasers of the Shares offered hereby may not be able to liquidate an investment in the Shares readily or at all. THE SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE MAY INCREASE THE SUPPLY OF SHARES ON THE MARKET DILUTING THE VALUE OF THE SHARES PURCHASED HEREUNDER. All of the 10,000,000 Shares, have been issued in reliance on the private placement exemption under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Act")). Such Shares will not be available for sale in the open market except in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Act. In general, under Rule 144 a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who has beneficially owned shares acquired in a non-public transaction for at least one year, including persons who may be deemed Affiliates of the Company (as that term is defined under the Act) would be entitled to sell such shares. This offering will make a substantial number of the Shares owned by our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth eligible for sale in the future which may adversely affect the market price of the Common Stock. Mr. Southworth, our sole officer and director’s shares will remain bound by the affiliate resale restrictions enumerated in Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933. THE COMPANY’S COMPLIANCE WITH THE CURRENT AND PERIODIC REPORTING REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 MAY PROVE TOO BURDENSOME WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS . Upon the effectiveness of this registration and the filing of the Form 8A, the Company will be fully reporting and subject to the current and periodic reporting requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The burden of the time and expense of these reporting requirements may be beyond the capabilities of the Company which may result in the failure of the business. 14 INVESTORS WILL SUFFER IMMEDIATE AND SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION. Assuming the maximum shares offered herein are sold, t he purchasers of the common stock in this offering will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately $0.267 per share while our present stockholders will receive an increase of $0.083 per share in the net tangible book value of the shares they hold. This will result in a 76.29% dilution for purchasers of stock in this offering. Assuming the minimum shares offered herein are sold, giving effect to the receipt of the minimum estimated offering proceeds of this offering net of the offering expenses, our net book value will be $287,000 or 0.0326 per share. Therefore, the purchasers of the common stock in this offering will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately $0.3174 per share while our present stockholders will receive an increase of $0.0326 per share in the net tangible book value of the shares they hold. This will result in a 90.69% dilution for the purchasers of stock in this offering. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This prospectus contains forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition and prospects that reflect our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth's assumptions and beliefs based on information currently available. We can give no assurance that the expectations indicated by such forward-looking statements will be realized. If any of our assumptions should prove incorrect, or if any of the risks and uncertainties underlying such expectations should materialize, the actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. There may be risks and circumstances that management may be unable to predict. When used in this document, words such as, "believes," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify and qualify forward-looking statements, although there may be certain forward-looking statements not accompanied by such expressions. [Balance of this Page Intentionally Left Blank] 15 USE OF PROCEEDS Without realizing the minimum offering proceeds, the Company will not be able to commence planned operations and implement our business plan. Please refer to the section, herein, titled "Management's Discussion and Plan of Operation" for further information. In the case that the Offering does not reach the maximum and the total proceeds are less than those indicated in the table, we will have the discretion to apply the available net proceeds to various indicated uses within the dollar limits established in the table above. The sole officer of the Company has paid all of the offering expenses and is not being repaid thus such expenses are not being deducted from the proceeds of the offering. The Company intends to use the proceeds from this offering as follows: Minimum 50% of Maximum Maximum Application Of Proceeds $ % of total $ % of total $ % of total Total Offering Proceeds $350,000 100% $525,000 100% $1,050,000 100% Net Held in Trust(2) $315,000 90% $472,500 90% $945,000 90% Amount Released to Company(1) $35,000 10% $52,500 10% $105,000 10% Total $350,000 100% $525,000 100% $1,050,000 100% Notes : (1) The 10% which may be releasable to the company upon the entire completion of the offering. These funds will be used only for the purpose of locating an acquisition candidate and closing such acquisition. (2) Deducting for the 10% which may be releasable to the company upon the entire completion of the offering. These funds are held in trust as disclosed below. The Company is conducting a "Blank Check" offering subject to Rule 419 of Regulation C as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "S.E.C.") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").The offering proceeds and the securities to be issued to investors must be deposited in an trust account (the "Deposited Funds" and "Deposited Securities," respectively). While held in the trust account, the deposited securities may not be traded or transferred. Except for an amount up to 10% of the deposited funds otherwise releasable upon the entire completion of the offering, the deposited funds and the deposited securities may not be released until an acquisition meeting certain specified criteria (See Plan of Distribution) has been consummated and sufficient investors reconfirm their investment in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 419 so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated. Pursuant to these procedures, a new prospectus, which describes an acquisition candidate and its business and includes audited financial statements, will be delivered to all investors. The Company must return the deposited funds to any investor who does not elect to remain an investor. (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). Unless sufficient investors elect to remain investors so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated, all investors will be entitled to the return of their deposited funds and none of the deposited securities will be issued to investors (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). In the event an acquisition is not consummated within 18 months of the effective date of this prospectus, the deposited funds will be returned to all investors. The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The offering price of the common stock has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth. No valuation or appraisal has been prepared for our business. We cannot assure you that a public market for our securities will develop or continue or that the securities will ever trade at a price higher than the offering price. 16 DILUTION Dilution figures based on Audited Financial Statements dated December 31, 2016 "Dilution" represents the difference between the offering price of the shares of common stock and the net book value per share of common stock immediately after completion of the offering. "Net book value" is the amount that results from subtracting total liabilities from total assets. In this offering, the level of dilution is increased as a result of the relatively low book value of our issued and outstanding stock. Our net tangible book value per share before the offering is $0.00. Assuming all shares offered herein are sold, giving effect to the receipt of the maximum estimated proceeds of this offering ($1,050,000) net of the amount subject to return to non-reconfirming* investors ($189,000), our net book value will be $861,000 or $0.083 per share ($861,000 divided by the 10,400,000 shares then outstanding). The sole officer has paid all of the offering expenses and is not being repaid thus such expenses are not being deducted from the proceeds. Therefore, the purchasers of the common stock in this offering will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately $0.267 per share while our present stockholders will receive an increase of $0.083 per share in the net tangible book value of the shares they hold. This will result in a 76.29% dilution for purchasers of stock in this offering. Assuming the minimum shares offered herein are sold, giving effect to the receipt of the minimum estimated offering proceeds of this offering net of the amount subject to return to non-reconfirming investors ($63,000), our net book value will be $287,000 or 0.0326 per share ($287,000 divided by the 8,800,000 shares then outstanding). Therefore the purchasers of the common stock in this offering will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately $0.3174 per share while our present stockholders will receive an increase of $0.0326 per share in the net tangible book value of the shares they hold. This will result in a 90.69% dilution for the purchasers of stock in this offering. · In the event that shareholders owning at least 80% of the shares purchased in the offering consent, the reconfirming investors’ funds will be fully available to the company while the non-reconfirming investors’ funds will be returned to them minus 10% releasable to the Company. The following table illustrates the dilution to the purchasers of the common stock in this offering: Minimum Maximum Offering Offering Offering Price Per Share $0.35 $0.35 Book Value Per Share Before the Offering $0.00 $0.00 Book Value Per Share After the Offering $0.0326 $0.083 Net Increase to Original Shareholder $0.0326 $0.083 Decrease in Investment to New Shareholders $0.3174 $0.267 Dilution to New Shareholders (%) 90.69% 76.29% [Balance of this Page Intentionally Left Blank] 17 SELLING SHAREHOLDER None. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION There is no public market for our common stock. Our common stock is currently held by one shareholder. Therefore, the current and potential market for our common stock is limited and the liquidity of our shares may be severely limited. O ther than pursuant to certain exemptions permitted by Rule 419, no trading in our common stock being offered will be permitted until the completion of a business combination meeting the requirements of Rule 419. To date, we have made no effort to obtain listing or quotation of our securities on a national stock exchange or association. The Company has not identified or approached any broker/dealers with regard to assisting us to apply for such listing. The Company is unable to estimate when we expect to undertake this endeavor or that we will be successful. In the absence of listing, no market is available for investors in our common stock to sell their shares. The Company cannot guarantee that a meaningful trading market will develop or that we will be able to get our common stock listed for trading. If the stock ever becomes tradable, the trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, investors may be unable to sell their shares at or greater than the price at which they are being offered. This offering will be conducted on a best-efforts basis utilizing the efforts of Kim D. Southworth acting as the exclusive sales agent. Potential investors include, but are not limited to, family, friends and acquaintances of Mr. Southworth. The intended methods of communication include, without limitation, telephone and personal contact. In their endeavors to sell this offering, they will not use any mass advertising methods such as the internet or print media. Every potential purchaser will be provided with a prospectus at the same time as the subscription agreement. Every potential purchaser will be provided with a prospectus at the same time as the subscription agreement. Checks payable as disclosed herein received by the sales agent in connection with sales of our securities will be transmitted immediately into a trust account until the offering is closed. There can be no assurance that all, or any, of the shares will be sold. Kim D. Southworth is acting as underwriter and sales agent for the offering. There can be no assurance that all, or any, of the shares will be sold. As of this date, we have not entered into any agreements or arrangements for the sale of the shares with any broker/dealer or sales agent. However, if we were to enter into such arrangements, we will file a post-effective amendment to disclose those arrangements because any broker/dealer participating in the offering would be acting as an underwriter and would have to be so named herein. In order to comply with the applicable securities laws of certain states, the securities may not be offered or sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in such states or an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available and with which we have complied. The purchasers in this offering and in any subsequent trading market must be residents of such states where the shares have been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available. As of this date, we have not identified the specific states where the offering will be sold. We will file a pre-effective amendment indicating which state(s) the securities are to be sold pursuant to this registration statement. Kim D. Southworth is relying on the safe harbor from broker-dealer registration in Rule 3a4-1 under the Exchange Act in offering the Company’s securities. Under Rule 3a 4-1 of the Securities Exchange Act an issuer may conduct a direct offering of its securities without registration as a broker/dealer. Such offering may be conducted by officers who perform substantial duties for or on behalf of the issuer otherwise than in connection with securities transactions and who were not brokers or dealers or associated persons of brokers or dealers within the preceding 12 months and who have not participated in selling an offering of securities for any issuer more than once every 12 months, with certain exceptions. 18 Furthermore, such persons may not be subject to a statutory disqualification under Section 3(a)(39) of the Securities Exchange Act and may not be compensated in connection with securities offerings by payment of commission or other remuneration based either directly or indirectly on transactions in securities and at the time of offering our shares may not be associated persons of a broker or dealer. Mr. Southworth will meet these requirements. The Company is conducting a "Blank Check" offering subject to Rule 419 of Regulation C as promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "S.E.C.") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). If the minimum offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of the effectiveness of this post-effective amendment, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees (in which case all Trust fees shall be borne by registrant). The offering proceeds and the securities to be issued to investors must be deposited in a trust account (the "Deposited Funds" and "Deposited Securities," respectively). While held in the trust account, the deposited securities may not be traded or transferred other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (26 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), or Title 1 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), or the rules thereunder. Except for an amount up to 10% of the deposited funds otherwise releasable upon the time when the minimum offering is reached or exceeded and the offering is closed (which could include when the maximum amount is reached), the deposited funds and the deposited securities may not be released until an acquisition meeting certain specified criteria (having a value of at least 80% of the amount raised in this offering) has been consummated and a sufficient number of investors reconfirm their investment in accordance with the procedures set forth in Rule 419 so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated. The acquisition may be consummated through the use of the proceeds of this offering, loans or equity. Pursuant to these procedures; within five business days after the effective date of the post-effective amendment(s), the registrant shall send by first class mail or other equally prompt means, to each purchaser of securities held in escrow or trust, a copy of the new prospectus contained in the post-effective amendment and any amendment or supplement thereto which describes an acquisition candidate and its business including audited financial statements; (ii) Each purchaser shall have no fewer than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment to notify the registrant in writing that the purchaser elects to remain an investor. If the registrant has not received such written notification by the 45th business day following the effective date of the post-effective amendment, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the escrow or trust account shall be sent by first class mail or other equally prompt means to the purchaser within five business days; within five business days; The Company must return the deposited funds to any investor who does not elect to remain an investor (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). Unless sufficient investors elect to remain investors so that the remaining funds are adequate to allow the acquisition to be consummated, all investors will be entitled to the return of the deposited funds and none of the deposited securities will be issued to investors (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). In the event an acquisition is not consummated within 18 months of the effective date of this prospectus, the deposited funds will be returned to all investors(10% may have been released to the Company upon the entire completion of the offering). The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. 19 The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to Branch Banking and Trust Company fbo Gold Standard Mining Company ("Trust Account") and will be deposited in a non-interest bearing bank account at Branch Banking and Trust Company until the trust conditions are met. The funds will be deposited by noon the next business day from receipt of the funds. No interest will be paid to any shareholder or the Company. All subscription agreements and checks are irrevocable. All subscription funds will be held in the Trust Account until the earlier of: (i) consummation of an acquisition meeting the requirements of Rule 419 or (ii) 18 months have passed from the date of the prospectus and no such acquisition has been consummated and no funds shall be rel eased to Gold Standard Mining Company until such a time as the trust conditions are met other than up to 10% as disclosed herein. In the event that 18 months have passed from the date of the prospectus and no such acquisition has been consummated funds shall be returned to investors (each investor will receive a return of his funds held in escrow less the 10% portion of proceeds to be provided to the company). Securities will be released to investors upon the consummation of an acquisition meeting the requirements of Rule 419. The funds to be received by investors will not include the 10% of proceeds which may be released to the company. The Trustee will continue to receive funds and perform additional disbursements until either (i) consummation of an acquisition meeting the requirements of Rule 419 or (ii) 18 months have passed from the date of the prospectus and no such acquisition has been consummated. Thereafter, this trust agreement shall terminate. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of the effectiveness of this post-effective amendment, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees upon the expiration of 180 days. The fee of the Trustee is $2,500.00 which is not being paid with proceeds of this offering. [See Exhibit 99(a)]. T he amount of funds actually collected in the trust account from checks that have cleared the interbank payment system, as reflected in the records of the insured depository institution, is the only factor assessed in determining whether the minimum offering condition has been met. Branch Banking and Trust Company (which has a net cap. of $25,000 or more as required under Rule 419 for a broker to act as an Trustee for a Rule 419 offering) as Trustee acting as trustee for the separate investors will make the determination based solely on the account records of the insured depository institution (Branch Banking and Trust Company). Investors can purchase common stock in this offering by completing a Subscription Agreement [attached hereto as Exhibit 99(c)] and sending it together with payment in full. All payments must be made in United States currency either by personal check, bank draft, or cashier’s check. There is no minimum subscription requirement. All subscription agreements and checks are irrevocable. The Company expressly reserves the right to either accept or reject any subscription. Any subscription rejected will be returned to the subscriber within 5 business days of the rejection date. Furthermore, once a subscription agreement is accepted, it will be executed without reconfirmation to or from the subscriber. Once we accept a subscription, the subscriber cannot withdraw it. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED COMMON STOCK Gold Standard Mining Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value. The company has issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock to date held by one (1) shareholder of record. The holders of Gold Standard Mining Company’s common stock: 1. Have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors; 2. Are entitled to share ratably in all of assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, Dissolution, or winding up of corporate affairs; 3. Do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights; and 4. Are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote. All shares of common stock now outstanding are fully paid for and non-assessable and all shares of common stock which are the subject of this offering, when issued, will be fully paid for and non-assessable. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange system). The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer, and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from such rules, the broker/dealer must make a special written determination that a penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These heightened disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the number of broker/dealers willing to make a market in our shares, reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market that may develop for our shares, and accordingly, customers in our securities may find it difficult to sell their securities, if at all. 20 PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS No holder of any shares of Gold Standard Mining Company stock has preemptive or preferential rights to acquire or subscribe for any unissued shares of any class of stock or any unauthorized securities convertible into or carrying any right, option or warrant to subscribe for or acquire shares of any class of stock not disclosed herein. NON-CUMULATIVE VOTING Holders of Gold Standard Mining Company common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. CASH DIVIDENDS As of the date of this prospectus, Gold Standard Mining Company has not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon earnings, if any, capital requirements and our financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. The Company does not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in business operations. REPORTS After this offering, Gold Standard Mining Company will make available to its shareholders annual financial reports certified by independent accountants, and will, furnish unaudited quarterly financial reports. INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL Elaine A. Dowling, Esq. of EAD Law Group, LLC. is legal counsel to the Company. Elaine A. Dowling, Esq. has provided an opinion on the validity of the common stock to be issued pursuant to this Registration Statement. Mrs. Dowling has also been retained as special counsel to our Company for purposes of facilitating our efforts in securing registration before the Commission. The Balance Sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2016, and the related Statement of Operations, Changes in Stockholder’s Equity and Cash Flows the the period then ended have been audited by Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP and included in the registration statement in reliance upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. No experts or counsel to the company have any shares or other interests in the Company. [Balance of this Page Intentionally Left Blank] 21 INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE REGISTRANT DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Gold Standard Mining Company (the "Company"), was incorporated on August 22, 2016 under the laws of the State of Nevada, to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception and has no operations date. Other than issuing shares to its original shareholder, the Company never commenced any operational activities. The Company was formed by Kim D. Southworth, the initial director, for the purpose of creating a corporation which could be used to consummate a merger or acquisition. Mr. Southworth serves as President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director. Mr. Southworth determined next to proceed with filing a Form S-1. Mr. Southworth, the President and Director, elected to commence implementation of the Company's principal business purpose, described below under “Plan of Operation". As such, the Company can be defined as a "shell" company, whose sole purpose at this time is to locate and consummate a merger or acquisition with a private entity. The proposed business activities described herein classify the Company as a "blank check" company. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of "blank check" companies in their respective jurisdictions. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in the Company's securities until such time as the Company has successfully implemented its business plan described herein. The Company is an Emerging Growth Company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. The Company shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of-- (A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; (B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under this title; (C) the date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or (D) the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a ‘large accelerated filer’, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 14A and B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. The Company has irrevocably opted out of the extended t ransition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Act. 22 Number of Total Employees and Number of Full Time Employees Gold Standard Mining Company is currently in the development stage. During this development period, we plan to rely exclusively on the services of our sole officer and director to establish business operations and perform or supervise the minimal services required at this time. We believe that our operations are currently on a small scale and manageable by us. There are no full or part-time employees. The responsibilities are mainly administrative at this time, as our operations are minimal. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY We use a corporate office located at 226 North Cottonwood Drive, Gilbert, Arizona 85234. Office space is being provided free of charge by our sole officer and director and is adequate for the company needs for the foreseeable future. There are currently no proposed programs for the renovation, improvement or development of the facilities currently in use. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The following disclosures cover proceedings over the last 10 years: Kim D. Southworth, our officer and director has not been convicted in a criminal proceeding. Kim D. Southworth, our officer and director has not been permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. There are no known pending legal or administrative proceedings against the Company. No officer, director, significant employee or consultant has had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time. MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE ISSUER’S COMMON STOCK Market Price As of the date of this prospectus, there is no public market in Gold Standard Mining Company common stock. This prospectus is a step toward creating a public market for our stock, which may enhance the liquidity of our shares. However, there can be no assurance that a meaningful trading market will develop. Gold Standard Mining Company and its sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, makes no representation about the present or future value of our common stock. Other than pursuant to certain exceptions permitted by Rule 419, no trading in your common stock being offered will be permitted until the completion of a business combination meeting the requirements of Rule 419. As of the date of this prospectus, 1. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase, or other instruments convertible into, common equity of Gold Standard Mining Company.; 2. There are currently 10,000,000 shares of our common stock held by our officer and director that are not eligible to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act; 3. Other than the stock registered under this Registration Statement, there is no stock that has been proposed to be publicly offered resulting in dilution to the current shareholder. 23 All of the presently outstanding shares of common stock (10,000,000) are "restricted securities" as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration, if available. The SEC has adopted final rules amending Rule 144, which became effective on February 15, 2008. Pursuant to the new Rule 144, one year must elapse from the time a “shell company”, as defined in Rule 405, ceases to be a “shell company” and files Form 10 information with the SEC, before a restricted shareholder can resell their holdings in reliance on Rule 144. Form 10 information is equivalent to information that a company would be required to file if it were registering a class of securities on Form 10 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). Under the amended Rule 144, restricted or unrestricted securities, that were initially issued by a reporting or non-reporting shell company or an Issuer that has at any time previously a reporting or non-reporting shell company as defined in Rule 405, can only be resold in reliance on Rule 144 if the following conditions are met: (1) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a reporting or non-reporting shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (2) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; (3) the issuer of the securities has filed all reports and material required to be filed under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or shorter period that the Issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (4) at least one year has elapsed from the time the issuer filed the current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. At the present time, the Company is classified as a “shell company” under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. As such, all restricted securities presently held by the founders of the Company may not be resold in reliance on Rule 144 until: (1) the Company files Form 10 information with the SEC when it ceases to be a “shell company”; (2) the Company has filed all reports as required by Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Act for twelve consecutive months; and (3) one year has elapsed from the time the Company files the current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. HOLDERS As of the date of this prospectus, Gold Standard Mining Company has 10,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding held by 1 shareholder of record. DIVIDENDS We have neither declared nor paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including its financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects, and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This section must be read in conjunction with the Audited Financial Statements included in this prospectus. PLAN OF OPERATION Gold Standard Mining Company was incorporated on August 22, 2016. The Registrant intends to seek to acquire assets or shares of an entity actively engaged in business which generates revenues, in exchange for its securities. The Registrant has no acquisitions in mind and has not entered into any negotiations regarding such an acquisition. Neither the Company's sole officer, director, promoter nor any affiliates thereof have engaged in any preliminary contact or discussions with any representative of any other company regarding the possibility of an acquisition or merger between the Company and such other company as of the date of this registration statement. The Company will obtain audited financial statements of a target entity. The Board of Directors does intend to obtain certain assurances of value of the target entity's assets prior to consummating such a transaction. These assurances consist mainly of financial statements. The Company will also examine business, occupational and similar licenses and permits, physical facilities, trademarks, copyrights, and corporate records including articles of incorporation, bylaws and minutes if applicable. In the event that no such assurances are provided the Company will not move forward with a combination with this target. Closing documents relative thereto will include representations that the value of the assets conveyed to or otherwise so transferred will not materially differ from the representations included in such closing documents. 24 The Registrant has no full time employees. The Registrant's officer has agreed to allocate a portion of his time to the activities of the Registrant, without compensation. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth anticipates that the business plan of the Company can be implemented by our officer devoting approximately 10 hours per month to the business affairs of the Company and, consequently, conflicts of interest may arise with respect to the limited time commitment by such officer. See "DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS" The Company is filing this registration statement on a voluntary basis because the primary attraction of the Registrant as a merger partner or acquisition vehicle will be its status as an SEC reporting company. The company will upon effectiveness be required to file periodic reports as required by Item 15(d) of the Exchange Act and also the company is filing a form 8A registering the company under Section 12G of the Exchange Act concurrently with this registration statement which will register the Company’s common shares under the Exchange Act and upon the effectiveness of such registration statement, the company will be required to report pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act. Any business combination or transaction will likely result in a significant issuance of shares and substantial dilution to present stockholders of the Registrant. GENERAL BUSINESS PLAN The Company's purpose is to seek, investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented to it by persons or firms who or which desire to seek the perceived advantages of an Exchange Act registered corporation. The company will upon effectiveness be required to file periodic reports as required by Item 15(d) of the Exchange Act and also the company is filing a form 8A registering the company under Section 12G of the Exchange Act concurrently with this registration statement which will register the Company’s common shares under the Exchange Act and upon the effectiveness of such registration statement, the company will be required to report pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act. The Company will not restrict its search to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and the Company may participate in a business venture of virtually any kind or nature. This discussion of the proposed business is purposefully general and is not meant to be restrictive of the Company's virtually unlimited discretion to search for and enter into potential business opportunities. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, anticipates that it will be able to participate in only one potential business venture because the Company has nominal assets and limited financial resources. See "Financial Statements." This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk to shareholders of the Company because it will not permit the Company to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. The Company may seek a business opportunity with entities which have recently commenced operations, or which wish to utilize the public marketplace in order to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes. The Company may acquire assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses or acquire existing businesses as subsidiaries. One of the methods the Company will use to find potential merger or acquisition candidates will be to run classified ads in the Wall Street Journal and similar publications periodically seeking companies which are looking to merge with a public shell. Other methods included personal contacts and contacts gained through social networking. There is no evidence showing that these methods of identifying a suitable merger opportunity will be successful. The Company anticipates that the selection of a business opportunity in which to participate will be complex and extremely risky. Due to general economic conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, believes that there are numerous firms seeking the perceived benefits of a publicly registered corporation. Such perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees, providing liquidity (subject to restrictions of applicable statutes) for all shareholders and other factors. Business opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 25 The Company has, and will continue to have, no capital with which to provide the owners of business opportunities with any significant cash or other assets. However, our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, believes the Company will be able to offer owners of acquisition candidates the opportunity to acquire a controlling ownership interest in a publicly registered company without incurring the cost and time required to conduct an initial public offering. The costs of an initial public offering may include substantial attorney and auditor fees and the time factor can vary widely (could be as short as a month or take several years for example) and is unpredictable. A business combination with The Company may eliminate some of those unpredictable variables as the initial review process on a large active business could easily extend over a period of a year or more requiring multiple audits and opinions prior to clearance. On the other hand a business combination with the Company may raise other variables such as the history of the Company having been out of the targets control and knowledge. Thus they have to rely on the representations of the Company in their future filings and decisions. In addition, the additional step of a business combination may increase the time necessary to process and clear an application for trading. The owners of the business opportunities will, however, incur significant legal and accounting costs in connection with the acquisition of a business opportunity, including the costs of preparing Form 8-K's, 10-Q’s, or 10-K's, agreements and related reports and documents. If an entity is deemed a Shell Company the 8-K which must be filed upon the completion of a merger or acquisition requires all of the information normally disclosed in the filing of a Form 10. Once deemed a Shell Company, Rule 144 imposes additional restrictions on securities sought to be sold or traded under Rule 144. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "34 Act"), specifically requires that any merger or acquisition candidate comply with all applicable reporting requirements, which include providing audited financial statements to be included within the numerous filings relevant to complying with the 34 Act. Nevertheless, the officer and director of the Company has not conducted market research and is not aware of statistical data which would support the perceived benefits of a merger or acquisition transaction for the owners of a business opportunity. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the supervision of, the officer and director of the Company, who is not a professional business analyst. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, intends to concentrate on identifying preliminary prospective business opportunities which may be brought to its attention through present associations of the Company's sole officer and shareholder. In analyzing prospective business opportunities, our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, will consider such matters as the available technical, financial and managerial resources; working capital and other financial requirements; history of operations, if any; prospects for the future; nature of present and expected competition; the quality and experience of management services which may be available and the depth of that management; the potential for further research, development, or exploration; specific risk factors not now foreseeable but which then may be anticipated to impact the proposed activities of the Company; the potential for growth or expansion; the potential for profit; the perceived public recognition or acceptance of products, services, or trades; name identification; and other relevant factors. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, will meet personally with management and key personnel of the business opportunity as part of his investigation. To the extent possible, the Company intends to utilize written reports and personal investigation to evaluate the above factors. The Company will not acquire or merger with any company for which audited financial statements cannot be obtained. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, while not experienced in matters relating to the new business of the Company, will rely upon his own efforts in accomplishing the business purposes of the Company. It is not anticipated that any outside consultants or advisors, other than the Company's legal counsel and accountants, will be utilized by the Company to effectuate its business purposes described herein. However, if the Company does retain such an outside consultant or advisor, any cash fee earned by such party will need to be paid by the prospective merger/acquisition candidate, as the Company has no cash assets with which to pay such obligation. There have been no discussions, understandings, contracts or agreements with any outside consultants and none are anticipated in the future. In the past, the Company's sole officer and director, Mr. Southworth, has never used outside consultants or advisors in connection with a merger or acquisition. The Company will not restrict its search for any specific kind of firms, but may acquire a venture which is in its preliminary or development stage, which is already in operation, or in essentially any stage of its corporate life. It is impossible to predict at this time the status of any business in which the Company may become engaged, in that such business may need to seek additional capital, may desire to have its shares publicly traded, or may seek other perceived advantages which the Company may offer. However, the Company does not intend to obtain funds in one or more private placements to finance the operation of any acquired business opportunity until such time as the Company has successfully consummated such a merger or acquisition. The Company also has no plans to conduct any offerings under Regulation S. 26 ACQUISITION OF OPPORTUNITIES In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or licensing agreement with another corporation or entity. Likely ownership structures include but are not limited to that the Company may enter into a merger or acquisition with another company after which the acquired entity will be a wholly owned subsidiary of registrant. It may also acquire stock or assets of an existing business. On the consummation of a transaction, it is probable that the present sole officer and director Mr. Southworth and current sole shareholder of the Company will no longer be in control of the Company. In addition, the Company's director may, as part of the terms of the acquisition transaction, resign and be replaced by new directors without a vote of the Company's shareholders. It is anticipated that the Company's principal shareholder may actively negotiate or otherwise consent to the purchase of a portion of their common stock as a condition to, or in connection with, a proposed merger or acquisition transaction at a price not to exceed $0.35 per share. No transfer or sales of any shares held in trust shall be permitted other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (26 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), or Title 1 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), or the rules thereunder. Any and all such sales will only be made in compliance with the securities laws of the United States and any applicable state. It is anticipated that any securities issued in any such reorganization would be issued in reliance upon exemption from registration under applicable federal and state securities laws. In some circumstances, however, as a negotiated element of its transaction, the Company may agree to register all or a part of such securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter. If such registration occurs, of which there can be no assurance, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after the Company has successfully consummated a merger or acquisition and the Company is no longer considered a "shell" company. Until such time as this occurs, the Company will not attempt to register any additional securities. The issuance of substantial additional securities and their potential sale into any trading market which may develop in the Company's securities may have a depressive effect on the value of the Company's securities in the future, if such a market develops, of which there is no assurance. While the actual terms of a transaction to which the Company may be a party cannot be predicted, it may be expected that the parties to the business transaction will find it desirable to avoid the creation of a taxable event and thereby structure the acquisition in a so-called "tax- free" reorganization under Sections 368a or 351 of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"). With respect to any merger or acquisition, negotiations with target company management is expected to focus on the percentage of the Company which target company shareholders would acquire in exchange for all of their shareholdings in the target company. Depending upon, among other things, the target company's assets and liabilities, the Company's shareholders will in all likelihood hold a substantially lesser percentage ownership interest in the Company following any merger or acquisition. The percentage ownership may be subject to significant reduction in the event the Company acquires a target company with substantial assets. Any merger or acquisition effected by the Company can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by the Company's then-shareholders. It is likely that the merger or acquisition will result in the pre-merger or acquisition shareholders becoming minority stockholders of the combined resulting company. The Company will participate in a business opportunity only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate written agreements. Although the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally such agreements will require some specific representations and warranties by all of the parties thereto, will specify certain events of default, will detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must be satisfied by each of the parties prior to and after such closing, will outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated with the Company's attorneys and accountants, will set forth remedies on default and will include miscellaneous other terms. As stated herein above, the Company will not acquire or merge with any entity which cannot provide independent audited financial statements. The Company will need to file such audited statements as part of its post-effective amendment (reconfirmation). The Company is filing a Form 8a concurrently with this registration statement and thus will be subject to all of the reporting requirements included in the 34 Act. Included in these requirements is the affirmative duty of the Company to file independent audited financial statements as part of its POS AM to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission upon consummation of a merger or acquisition, as well as the Company's audited financial statements included in its annual report on Form 10-K. 27 COMPETITION The Company will remain an insignificant participant among the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many established venture capital and financial concerns which have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than the Company. In view of the Company's combined extremely limited financial resources and limited management availability, the Company will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage compared to the Company's competitors. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Since inception until the present time, the Company’s principal independent accounting firm has neither resigned (nor declined to stand for reelection) nor has been dismissed. The independent registered public accounting firm for the Company is Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP, Chartered Professional Accountants, 1500-1140 W. Pender St., Vancouver, BC V6E 4G1. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS Our director is elected by the stockholders to a term of one year and serve until a successor is elected and qualified. Our officer is appointed by the Board of Directors to a term of one year and serve until a successor is duly elected and qualified, or until removed from office. Our Board of Directors does not have any nominating, auditing or compensation committees. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officer and director as of the date of this prospectus: Name Age Position Period of Service (1) Kim D. Southworth (2) 57 President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director Inception – Current Notes : (1) Our director will hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders, typically held on or near the anniversary date of inception, and until successors have been elected and qualified. Mr. Southworth is the sole director and he appointed himself as the company’s sole officer and will hold office until resignation or removal from office. (2) Kim D. Southworth has outside interests and obligations other than Gold Standard Mining Company. He intends to spend approximately 10 hours per month on our business affairs. At the date of this prospectus, Gold Standard Mining Company is not engaged in any transactions, either directly or indirectly, with any persons or organizations considered promoters other than Kim D. Southworth. 28 BACKGROUND OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS Kim D. Southworth, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director, Sole Shareholder, age 57 . Our officer and director is not a full-time employee of our company and is actively involved in other business pursuits. He also intends to form additional blank check companies in the future that will have corporate structures and business plans that are similar or identical to ours. It is anticipated that Mr. Southworth will be free to immediately organize, promote or become involved with black check companies or entities engaged in similar business activities prior to the company identifying and acquiring a target business. Accordingly, he may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest. Since our officer and director is not required to devote any specific amount of time to our business, he will experience conflicts in allocating his time among his various business interests. Moreover, any future blank check companies that are organized by our officer and director may compete with our company in the search for a suitable target. In general, officers and directors of a Nevada corporation are obligated to exercise their powers in good faith and with a view to the interests of the corporation. To minimize potential conflicts of interest arising from multiple corporate affiliations, our officer and director will not ordinarily make affirmative decisions to allocate a particular business opportunity to a particular acquisition vehicle. Instead, he will provide the available due diligence information on all available acquisition vehicles to the potential target, and ask the potential target to make a final selection. There is no assurance that a potential target will conclude that our company is best suited to its needs or that an acquisition will ever occur. Legal Board Committees Gold Standard Mining Company has not yet implemented any board committees as of the date of this prospectus. Directors The number of Directors of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, but in no event shall be less than one ( 1 ). Although we anticipate appointing additional directors, the Company has not identified any such person or any time frame within which this may occur. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table Annual Compensation Long-Term Compensation Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Other Annual Compensation ($) Restricted Stock Awards ($) Securities Underlying Options (#) LTIP Payouts ($) All Other Compensation ($) Kim D. Southworth 2016 - - - - - - - Officer and Director 2017 - - - - - - - DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION Our director is not entitled to receive compensation for services rendered to Gold Standard Mining Company, or for each meeting attended except for reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. There are no formal or informal arrangements or agreements to compensate directors for services provided as a director. 29 EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS AND OFFICERS' COMPENSATION Since Gold Standard Mining Company’s incorporation on August 22, 2016, we have not paid any compensation to any officer, director or employee. We do not have employment agreements. Any future compensation to be paid will be determined by the Board of Directors, and, as appropriate, an employment agreement will be executed. We do not currently have plans to pay any compensation until such time as it maintains a positive cash flow. STOCK OPTION PLAN AND OTHER LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Gold Standard Mining Company currently does not have existing or proposed option or SAR grants. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information as of the date of this offering with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by all persons known to us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of any such outstanding classes, and by each director and executive officer, and by all officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise specified, the named beneficial owner has, to our knowledge, either sole or majority voting and investment power. Title Of Class Name, Title and Address of Beneficial Owner of Shares (1) Amount of Beneficial Ownership (2) Percent of Class Before Offering After Offering (3) Common Advanced Business Strategies, LLC 10,000,000 100.00% 76.92% All Directors and Officers as a group (1 person) 0 0 0 Footnotes (1) The address of the Beneficial Owner is 226 North Cottonwood Drive, Gilbert, Arizona 85234. (2) As used in this table, "beneficial ownership" means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or share investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of a security). (3) Assumes the sale of the maximum amount of this offering (3,000,000 shares of common stock). The aggregate amount of shares to be issued and outstanding after the offering is 13,000,000. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS On or about December 1, 2016, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 to Advanced Business Strategies, LLC for a $6,000 cash equity investment, and $4,000 Share Subscription Receivable, in the Company. The price of the common stock issued to Advanced Business Strategies, LLC at par value ($0.001). At the time of issuance, the Company was recently formed or in the process of being formed and possessed no assets. Advanced Business Strategies, LLC and Garrett Southworth, the company’s only officer and director are the only promoters of the company. REPORTS TO SECURITY HOLDERS 1. After this offering, Gold Standard Mining Company will furnish shareholders with audited annual financial reports certified by independent accountants, and will furnish unaudited quarterly financial reports. 30 2. After this offering, Gold Standard Mining Company will file periodic and current reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required to maintain the fully reporting status. 3. The public may read and copy any materials Gold Standard Mining Company files with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E. Washington D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Gold Standard Mining Company’s SEC filings will also be available on the SEC's Internet site. The address of that site is: http://www.sec.gov DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES The Securities and Exchange Commission’s Policy on Indemnification Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling persons of the company pursuant to any provisions contained in its Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or otherwise, Gold Standard Mining Company has been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by Gold Standard Mining Company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of Gold Standard Mining Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, Gold Standard Mining Company will, unless in the opinion of Gold Standard Mining Company’s legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 31 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS Gold Standard Mining Company Index to Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016 F-3 Statement of Operations to December 31, 2016 F-4 Statement of Cash Flows December 31, 2016 F-5 Statements of Stockholder’s Equity to December 31, 2016 F-6 Notes to Audited Financial Statements F-7 Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2017 F-10 Statement of Operations to March 31, 2017 F-11 Statement of Cash Flows March 31, 2017 F-12 Statements of Stockholder’s Equity to March 31, 2017 F-13 Notes to Audited Financial Statements F-14 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Gold Standard Mining Company We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Gold Standard Mining Company as of December 31, 2016 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the period from August 22, 2016 (date of inception) through December 31, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, these financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Gold Standard Mining Company as of December 31, 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from August 22, 2016 (date of inception) through December 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has not generated revenues since inception, has incurred losses in developing its business, and further losses are anticipated. The Company requires additional funds to meet its obligations and the costs of its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in this regard are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ DMCL LLP DALE MATHESON CARR-HILTON LABONTE LLP CHARTERED PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS Vancouver, Canada April 24, 2017 F-2 Gold Standard Mining Company Balance Sheet December 31, 2016 (Expressed in United States dollars) December 31, 2016 ASSETS Current Assets Cash $ 2,500 Total Current Assets 2,500 TOTAL ASSETS $ 2,500 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Authorized Common Stock 75,000,000 shares at $0.001 Issued and Outstanding 10,000,000 Common Shares at December 31, 2016 $ 10,000 Share Subscription Receivable (4,000 ) Accumulated Deficit (3,500 ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 2,500 TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 2,500 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Gold Standard Mining Company Statement of Operations to December 31, 2016 (Expressed in United States dollars) August 22, 2016 (Date of Inception) to December 31, 2016 EXPENSES General & Administrative $ 725 Professional Fees 2,775 Total Expenses 3,500 NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS $ (3,500 ) BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE $ (0.00 ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 2,290,076 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Gold Standard Mining Company Statement of Cash Flows (Expressed in United States dollars) August 22, 2016 (Inception) to December 31, 2016 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Income $ (3,500 ) Net cash provided by Operating Activities (3,500 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuance of Common Stock 6,000 Net cash provided (used) by Financing Activities 6,000 Net increase (decrease) in Cash for period 2,500 Cash at beginning of period - Cash at end of period $ 2,500 Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash paid for interest $ - Cash paid for income taxes $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Gold Standard Mining Company Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Deficit (Expressed in United States dollars) Common Stock Share Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Number of Shares Amount Balance at Inception (August 22, 2016) 0 $ - $ - $ - $ - Shares issued for cash at $0.001 (par value) per share on December 1, 2016 10,000,000 10,000 (4,000 ) - 6,000 Net (Loss) from inception through December 31, 2016 (3,500 ) (3,500 ) Balance, December 31, 2016 10,000,000 $ 10,000 $ (4,000 ) $ (3,500 ) $ 2,500 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-6 GOLD STANDARD MINING COMPANY NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2016 NOTE 1 – NATURE OF ORGANIZATION Gold Standard Mining Company ("GSMC" or the "Company") was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 22, 2016, and its fiscal year end is December 31. The primary business of the Company is to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. Other than issuing shares to its original shareholder, the Company has not commenced any operational operations. NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, the Company has not commenced operations and has accumulated a deficit of $3,500 from inception through December 31, 2016. The Company currently has limited liquidity and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Management has evaluated these factors and as determined that they raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern Management expects to seek potential business opportunities for merger or acquisition of existing companies. Currently the Company has yet to locate any merger of acquisition candidates. Management is not currently limiting their search for merger or acquisition candidates to any industry or locations. NOTE 3 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The financial statements present the balance sheets, statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Company. These financial statements are presented in United States dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Loss Per Share Net loss per share is computed based upon the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into Common Stock. The Company had no dilutive securities. F-7 GOLD STANDARD MINING COMPANY NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2016 Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary timing differences between the book and tax basis of accounting for assets, liabilities, and income as well as from timing in the recognition of net operating losses. Deferred income tax assets primarily arise from net operating loss carry-forwards and deferred income tax liabilities are based on the different depreciation and amortization methods used for tax reporting and financial accounting purposes. The Company assesses its ability to realize deferred tax assets based on the current earnings performance and on projections of future taxable income in the relevant tax jurisdictions. These projections do not include taxable income from the reversal of deferred tax liabilities and do not reflect a general growth assumption but do consider known or pending events, such as the passage of legislation. The Company’s estimates of future taxable income are reviewed annually. If the Company is required to pay interest on the underpayment of income taxes, the Company recognizes interest expense in the first period the interest becomes due according to the provisions of the relevant tax law. If the Company is subject to payment of penalties, the Company recognizes an expense for the amount of the statutory penalty in the period when the position is taken on the income tax return. If the penalty was not recognized in the period when the position was initially taken, the expense is recognized in the period when the Company changes its judgment about meeting minimum statutory thresholds related to the initial position taken. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The amendments require management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern and provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The standard applies to all entities and is effective for annual and interim reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company has evaluated the impact that this new guidance will have and has included the appropriate disclosures in Note 2. Other than as noted above the Company has not implemented any pronouncements that had material impact on the financial statements and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. F-8 GOLD STANDARD MINING COMPANY NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2016 NOTE 4 -- INCOME TAXES A reconciliation of the income tax provision computed at statutory rates to the reported income tax provision for the period ended December 31, 2016 is as follows: Statutory tax rate 34 % Net loss $ (3,500 ) Expected recovery (1,190 ) Change in valuation allowance 1,190 $ - The significant components of the Company’s deferred income tax assets after applying enacted corporate tax rates at December 31, 2016 is as follows Operating loss carryforward $ 1,190 Valuation allowance $ (1,190 ) $ - NOTE 5 – COMMON STOCK The Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock with par value of $0.001. No preferred shares have been authorized or issued. On December 1, 2016, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 (par value) for proceeds of $10,000. As at December 31, 2016, the Company had received proceeds of $6,000, with the remaining balance of $4,000 collected subsequent to December 31, 2016. At December 31, 2016, there are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common stock of the Company. NOTE 6 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Management has evaluated subsequent events through April 24, 2017, the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Management is not aware of any significant events that occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date that would have a material effect on the financial statements thereby requiring adjustment or disclosure. F-9 Gold Standard Mining Company Balance Sheets March 31, 2017 (unaudited) March 31, 2017 December 31.2016 ASSETS (Audited) Current Assets Cash $ 4,777 $ 2,500 Total Current Assets 4,777 2,500 TOTAL ASSETS $ 4,777 $ 2,500 LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current Liabilities A/P & Accrued Expenses $ 2,500 $ - Total Current Liabilities 2,500 - TOTAL LIABILITIES $ 2,500 $ - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Authorized Common Stock 75,000,000 shares at $0.001 Issued and Outstanding 10,000,000 Common Shares at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 $ 10,000 $ 10,000 Share Subscription Receivable - (4,000 ) Accumulated Deficit (7,723 ) (3,500 ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 2,277 2,500 TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 4,777 $ 2,500 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements . F-10 Gold Standard Mining Company Statements of Operation March 31, 2017 (unaudited) Three months ended March 31, 2017 August 22, 2016 (Inception) to December 31, 2016 EXPENSES General & Admin $ 1,003 $ 725 Professional Fees 3,220 2,775 Total Expenses 4,223 3,500 NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS $ (4,223 ) $ (3,500 ) BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER COMMON SHARE $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 10,000,000 2,290,076 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. F-11 Gold Standard Mining Company Statements of Cash Flows March 31, 2017 (unaudited) Three months ended March 31, 2017 August 22, 2016 (Inception) to December 31, 2016 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Income $ (4,223 ) $ (3,500 ) Adjustments to reconcile Net Income to net cash provided by operations: Increase (decrease)in AP & Accrued Expenses 2,500 Net cash provided by Operating Activities (1,723 ) (3,500 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds received for the Issuance of Common Stock 4,000 6,000 Net cash provided (used) by Financing Activities 4,000 6,000 Net increase (decrease) in Cash for period 2,277 2,500 Cash at beginning of period 2,500 Cash at end of period $ 4,777 $ 2,500 Supplemental Cash Flow Information and noncash Financing Activities: Cash paid for interest $ - $ - Cash paid for income taxes $ - $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. F-12 Gold Standard Mining Company Statements of Stockholders' Equity March 31, 2017 (unaudited) Common Stock Number of Shares Amount Share Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Balance at Inception (August 22, 2016) 0 $ - $ - $ - $ - Shares issued for cash at $0.001 (par value) per share on December 1, 2016 10,000,000 10,000 (4,000 ) - 6,000 Net (Loss) from inception through December 31, 2016 (3,500 ) (3,500 ) Balance, December 31, 2016 10,000,000 10,000 (4,000 ) (3,500 ) 2,500 Cash for Share Subsc Rec on Feb 24, 2017 4,000 4,000 Net (Loss) for period ended March 31, 2017 (4,223 ) (4,223 ) Balance, March 31, 2017 10,000,000 $ 10,000 $ - $ (7,723 ) $ 2,277 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements. F-13 GOLD STANDARD MINING COMPANY NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONDENSED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS March 31, 2017 NOTE 1 – NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Gold Standard Mining Company ("GSMC" or the "Company") was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 22, 2016, and its fiscal year end is December 31. The primary business of the Company is to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. Other than issuing shares to its original shareholder, the Company has not commenced any operational operations. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 has been derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although the Company believes that the disclosures made are adequate to make the information not misleading. It is suggested that these financial statements be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company’s Form S-1 as of December 31, 2016. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include normal and recurring adjustments) necessary to fairly present the Company’s financial position as of March 31, 2017, and results of its operations and its cash flows for the three months then ended have been made. NOTE 2 – GOING CONCERN The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principle, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, the Company has not commenced operations and has accumulated a deficit of $7,723. The Company currently has limited liquidity, and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Management has evaluated these factors and has determined that they raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management expects to seek potential business opportunities for merger or acquisition of existing companies. Currently the Company has yet to locate any merger of acquisition candidates. Management is not currently limiting their search for merger or acquisition candidates to any industry or locations. NOTE 3 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The financial statements present the balance sheets, statements of operations, and cash flows of the Company. These financial statements are presented in United States dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. F-14 In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the periods presented for: (a) the financial position; (b) the result of operations; and (c) cash flows, have been made in order to make the financial statements presented not misleading. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year. Use of Estimates and Assumptions Preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. Loss Per Share Net loss per share is computed based upon the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into Common Stock. The Company had no dilutive securities. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. The amendments require management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern and provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The standard applies to all entities and is effective for annual and interim reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company has evaluated the impact that this new guidance will have and has included the appropriate disclosures in Note 2. Other than as noted above the Company has not implemented any pronouncements that had material impact on the financial statements and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. NOTE 4 – COMMON STOCK The Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of $0.001. No preferred shares have been authorized or issued. At both March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, 10,000,000 common shares are issued and outstanding, respectively. On December 1, 2016, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 (par value) for proceeds of $10,000. As at December 31, 2016, the Company had received proceeds of $6,000, with the remaining balance of $4,000 being collected on February 24, 2017. F-15 At March 31, 2017, there are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common stock of the Company. NOTE 5 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Management has evaluated subsequent events through April 25, 2017, the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Management is not aware of any significant events that occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date that would have a material effect on the financial statements thereby requiring adjustment or disclosure. F-16 PART II: INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth the costs and expenses payable by Gold Standard Mining Company in connection with the sale of the common stock being registered. Gold Standard Mining Company has agreed to pay all costs and expenses in connection with this offering of common stock. Kim D. Southworth is the source of the funds for the costs of the offering. Mr. Southworth has no agreement in writing to pay the expenses of this offering on behalf of Gold Standard Mining Company and thus such agreement to do so is not enforceable. The estimated expenses of issuance and distribution, assuming the maximum proceeds are raised, are set forth below. Legal and Professional Fees $ 2,500 Accounting Fees $ 3,500 Trust Fees $ 2,500 Registration Fee $ 106 Total $ 8,606 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Gold Standard Mining Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for the indemnification of a present or former director or officer to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law, against all expense, liability and loss reasonably incurred or suffered by the officer or director in connection with any action against such officer or director. Officer and Director indemnity is covered by Section 78.7502 NRS 78.7502 Discretionary and mandatory indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents: General provisions. 1. A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if the person: (a) Is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or (b) Acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does not, of itself, create a presumption that the person is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or that, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, he or she had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful. II-1 2. A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if the person: (a) Is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or (b) Acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Ê Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. 3. To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections 1 and 2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation shall indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES Since inception, Gold Standard Mining Company issued the following unregistered securities in private transactions without registering the securities under the Securities Act: On or about December 1, 2016, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 (par value) to Advanced Business Strategies, LLC for an $10,000 equity investment in the Company. As at December 31, 2016, the Company had received proceeds of $6,000, with the remaining balance of $4,000 collected subsequent to December 31, 2016. At the time of the issuance, Advanced Business Strategies, LLC was in possession of all available material information about us. On the basis of these facts, Gold Standard Mining Company claims that the issuance of stock to Advanced Business Strategies, LLC qualifies for the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. Gold Standard Mining Company believes that the exemption from registration for these sales under Section 4(2) was available because: · Advanced Business Strategies, LLC had fair access to all material information about Gold Standard Mining Company before investing; · There was no general advertising or solicitation; and · The shares bear a restrictive transfer legend. All shares issued to Advanced Business Strategies, LLC were at a price per share of $0.001 which is the Company’s par value. At the time of issuance, Gold Standard Mining Company was recently formed or in the process of being formed and possessed no assets. II-2 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Exhibit No. Name/Identification of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 Bylaws 5 Opinion of EAD Law Group, LLC 10.1 Trust Agreement 23.1 Consent of Independent Auditor 23.2 Consent of EAD Law Group, LLC (See Exhibit 5) 99.1 Subscription Agreement UNDERTAKINGS a. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided however, That: A. Paragraphs (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-8, and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement; and B. Paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. II-3 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: i. If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 5. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-4 a. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: 1. For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b) (1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. 2. For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto authorized in the City of Gilbert, State of Arizona on May 2, 2017. Gold Standard Mining Company (Registrant) By: /s/ Kim D. Southworth Kim D. Southworth, President Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Kim D. Southworth President, Secretary and Director May 2, 2017 Kim D. Southworth Chief Executive Officer /s/ Kim D. Southworth Treasurer May 2, 2017 Kim D. Southworth Chief Accounting Officer, Chief Financial Officer II-6
