As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2018 Registration No. 333-_________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ____________________ FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ____________________ HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ____________________ British Virgin Islands 6770 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Classification Code Number) Identification Number) 499 Park Avenue, 12 th Floor New York, NY 10022 (212) 486-8100 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) ____________________ Jeffrey E. Schwarz, Chief Executive Officer HL Acquisitions Corp. 499 Park Avenue, 12 th Floor New York, NY 10022 (212) 486-8100 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) ____________________ Copies to: David Alan Miller, Esq. Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq. Graubard Miller The Chrysler Building 405 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10174 Telephone: (212) 818-8800 Chris Newton Daniel Perkins Maples and Calder PO Box 173 Road Town, Tortola British Virgin Islands Phone: +1-284-852-3000 Douglas S. Ellenoff, Esq. Stuart Neuhauser, Esq. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10105 Telephone: (212) 370-1300 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each Class of Security being registered Amount being Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Security (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) Amount of Registration Fee Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, no par value, one Warrant and one Right (2) 4,887,500 Units $ 10.00 $ 48,875,000 $ 6,084.94 Ordinary shares included as part of the Units (2) 4,887,500 Shares — — — (3) Redeemable Warrants included as part of the Units (2) 4,887,500 Warrants — — — (3) Rights included as part of the Units (2) 4,887,500 Rights — — — (3) Ordinary Shares underlying rights included as part of the Units (2) 488,750 Shares — — — (3) Representative’s Ordinary Shares 75,000 Shares $ 10.00 $ 750,000 $ 93.38 Units underlying Representative’s Unit Purchase Option (“Representative’s Units”) 212,500 Units $ 10.00 $ 2,125,000 $ 264.63 Ordinary shares included as part of the Representative’s Units 212,500 Shares — — — (3) Redeemable Warrants included as part of the Representative’s Units 212,500 Warrants — — — (3) Rights included as part of the Representative’s Units 212,500 Rights — — — (3) Ordinary Shares underlying rights included as part of the Representative’s Units (2) 21,250 Shares — — — (3) Total $ 51,750,000 $ 6,442.88 ____________ (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee. (2) Includes 637,500 Units, 637,500 ordinary shares, 637,500 Redeemable Warrants and 637,500 Rights underlying such Units which may be issued on exercise of a 45-day option granted to the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g). The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state or jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JUNE 8, 2018 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS $42,500,000 HL Acquisitions Corp. 4,250,000 Units __________________ HL Acquisitions Corp. is a newly organized blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands as a business company pursuant to the BVI Business Companies Act (as amended) and formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus our search for a target business in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) engaged in any substantive discussions with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential business combination with us. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit that we are offering has a price of $10.00 and consists of one ordinary share, one right and one redeemable warrant. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of an initial business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We have granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 637,500 units to cover over-allotments, if any. Certain of our shareholders prior to this offering have committed that they or their designees will purchase from us an aggregate of 2,062,500 warrants, or “private warrants,” at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $2,062,500) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. These shareholders have also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they or their designees will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 159,375 private warrants, for a total of 2,221,875 private warrants, or a total purchase price of $2,221,875, if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus. There is presently no public market for our units, ordinary shares or warrants. We have applied to have our units listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “HCCHU” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The ordinary shares, rights and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 90 th day following the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares, rights and warrants will be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols “HCCH,” “HCCHR” and “HCCHW,” respectively. We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act and will therefore be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 16 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. This prospectus does not constitute, and there will not be, an offering of securities to the public in the British Virgin Islands. Per Unit Total Public Offering Price $ 10.00 $ 42,500,000 Underwriting Discount (1) $ 0.25 $ 1,062,500 Proceeds to HL Acquisitions Corp. (before expenses) $ 9.75 $ 41,437,500 ____________ (1) The underwriters will receive compensation in addition to the underwriting discount, including 75,000 ordinary shares, which we refer to herein as the “Representative Shares.” See “Underwriting” for further information relating to the underwriting compensation we will pay in this offering. Upon consummation of the offering, an aggregate of $42,500,000 (or $48,875,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) or $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except as described in this prospectus, these funds will not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our redemption of our public shares (which may not occur until _______, 2019). The underwriters are offering the units on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to purchasers on or about ______, 2018. ________________________ Sole Book-Running Manager EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. ________________________ , 2018 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Summary Financial Data 15 Risk Factors 16 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 34 Use of Proceeds 35 Dividend Policy 38 Dilution 39 Capitalization 41 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Proposed Business 46 Management 62 Principal Shareholders 68 Certain Transactions 70 Description of Securities 73 British Virgin Islands Company Considerations 78 Shares Eligible for Future Sale 89 Taxation 91 Note Regarding Our Choice of British Virgin Islands and the Enforceability of Civil Liabilities 100 Underwriting 102 Legal Matters 112 Experts 112 Where You Can Find Additional Information 112 Index to Financial Statements F-1 i PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. References in this prospectus to: • “we,” “us” or “our company” refer to HL Acquisitions Corp.; • “public shares” are to our ordinary shares sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market); • “public shareholders” refer to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders (as defined below), officers and directors to the extent they purchase public shares, provided that their status as “public shareholders” shall only exist with respect to such public shares; • “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors; • “Companies Act” refers to the BVI Business Companies Act (as amended); and • “Insolvency Act” refers to the Insolvency Act, 2003, of the British Virgin Islands. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. GENERAL We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, or “BVI,” as a business company limited by shares and formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus our search for a target business in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. None of our officers, directors, promoters and other affiliates has engaged in any substantive discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential business combination with us. MARKET OPPORTUNITY We now have the ability to produce oil and gas from geological formations that previously were considered unproductive, through the use of horizontal drilling combined with hydraulic fracturing. This “shale revolution” has up-ended the global energy markets in both obvious and more nuanced ways. The most recognizable is the huge growth in U.S. crude oil production, which jumped from just under 5.5 million barrels per day (“BPD”) in 2010 to nearly 9.5 million BPD by 2015. Another movement evolving in parallel with the shale revolution is the effort to combat global warming and more generally to protect the environment. While decades from now the transition to renewable energy sources will lead to a decline in the demand for fossil fuels, for now the most discernable impact has been the substitution of cleaner burning fuels like natural gas and natural gas liquids (“NGLs”) for dirty fuels like coal and biomass. This shift has been especially pronounced in less developed countries like China and India, already the world’s first and third largest energy consumers. The increase in market share captured by U.S. oil producers was the catalyst for Saudi Arabia’s decision to flood the world market with oil, triggering a crash in prices as the price of a barrel of oil dropped from its peak of nearly $125/barrel in 2011 to just below $30/barrel in January 2016. Yet despite their best efforts, OPEC and the Saudis could not kill the shale revolution as U.S. producers innovated to adapt to the lower prices. In fact, the U.S. Department of Energy’s Energy Information Administration (“EIA”) estimated U.S. daily production for the month of April 2018 at 10.5 million BPD, the highest level on record. The Paris-based International Energy Association (“IEA”) recently stated that “explosive” increases in U.S. oil output would push the country ahead of Saudi Arabia this year and put it in a position to challenge top producer Russia. 1 Although all of the foregoing is well known and has been digested by the markets, there are numerous, less visible changes that have created and continue to create very attractive investment opportunities in the energy space. For example: • Changes in Trade Flows : While the U.S. remains a major importer of crude oil and refined products (with the country consuming just under 20 million BPD), the growth in U.S. production has reduced the amount of oil the U.S. must import. As a result, the oil from places like West Africa and the Arabian Gulf has needed to find another home. Additionally, in 2015, Congress lifted the 40 year old ban on U.S. crude oil exports (which had been implemented in the aftermath of the 1973 Arab oil embargo) and from a standing start, U.S. exports — primarily of light, sweet crude — have recently exceeded 2 million BPD. The changes in the size and direction of these trade flows impact the need for and employment of shipping and terminalling assets, which we believe will create investment opportunities. • Demand for Natural Gas and NGLs : The shale revolution did not just affect the production of oil, but also unlocked America’s huge reserves of natural gas and NGLs. Net imports of natural gas peaked in 2007, and by last year the U.S. had become a net exporter. The IEA recently stated that “a dramatic increase in shale production will transform the U.S. into the world’s largest exporter of liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) by the mid-2020s.” Dry natural gas production in the U.S. has increased 5% annually from 56 billion cubic feet per day (“Bcf/d”) in 2010 to 78 Bcf/d by yearend 2017, and the EIA projects that 2018 production will show both the highest annual production and the largest annual increase on record. This growth is coinciding with significant increases in domestic liquefaction capacity, as well as LNG exports, which have risen to nearly 1.9 Bcf/d. This should create investment opportunities in companies needed to help export such natural gas and LNG. The developing world is anticipated to account for much of the increase in global energy demand, particularly in Asia, where energy consumption is expected to grow by 51% between 2015-2040. Asia is already the biggest importer of LNG, and greater environmental awareness and favorable economics will accelerate the demand for LNG. • Demand for and Patterns of Consumption of Natural Gas : While not talked about nearly as much as the impact on the oil market, the increase in supply of natural gas has had a much greater relative effect on the demand for and patterns of consumption of natural gas. Unlike crude oil, where virtually all the buying and selling has been done in the spot market, traditionally, natural gas did not have a spot market and was instead bought and sold under very long term (10-20 years) contracts. This lack of flexibility hindered its attractiveness as a fuel source. Recently, with the significant growth in supply of natural gas, an efficient spot market has developed. According to S&P Global Platts, LNG transactions are becoming significantly more flexible and transparent, with spot deliveries accounting for nearly 30% of the global LNG market in 2017. This has included important non-pricing evolutions, including shorter, smaller contracts with greater destination flexibility. These developments are greatly expanding the universe of potential customers. However, natural gas and NGLs are much harder to ship. If pipelines are not in place, natural gas and NGLs need to be super-cooled and/or pressurized in order to be transported. While North America and Europe have extensive pipeline networks which facilitate the use of natural gas for heating, cooking and power generation, those pipeline networks do not exist in most of the developing world. Our management believes that the developing world is where energy consumption will see the greatest growth in demand in the years to come. Enabling natural gas and NGLs (which are cleaner and often cheaper than competing fuels) to reach end users will require a huge capital commitment for infrastructure assets, which we believe will provide opportunities to build out businesses. The dramatic decline in the price of natural gas and NGLs in the US has also incentivized their use as feedstocks in newly built petrochemical plants, whose outputs also will require specialized forms of transportation. We believe that this will trigger the need for investment in these asset classes. • Environmental Regulation Targeting the Shipping Industry : The aforementioned shift away from dirty fossil fuels toward the use of cleaner burning ones like natural gas and NGLs is part of a broader trend toward environmental protection. The global shipping industry has been a specific target with various regulations soon to take effect that will have major ramifications for the industry and will provide interesting investment opportunities. Among the most significant of them is the International Maritime Organization’s (“IMO”) cap on sulfur content in marine fuels (lowering the limit on sulfur content from the current 3.5% level to 0.5%), intended to reduce the emission of sulfur oxides into the atmosphere 2 and scheduled to become effective in 2020. Currently the global shipping fleet consumes 3 million BPD of residual fuel oil. This represents more than 3% of worldwide oil consumption. This fuel does not meet the new regulations. Compliant fuel will be both in short supply and much more expensive. Likely responses will include modification of vessels to provide for the use of alternative fuels (such as LNG or liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”)), upgrading of refineries to convert low value residual fuel to higher value-added products such as low sulfur diesel and scrapping of older, less fuel-efficient vessels. We believe that each of these responses will create investment opportunities. Some of the investment opportunities that are arising from the confluence of the shale revolution and greater global environmental awareness require billions of dollars of capital, and international oil companies (“IOCs”), private equity funds, infrastructure funds and sovereign wealth funds are well positioned to meet that need. Where capital is abundant, returns to capital tend to be modest. By contrast, we expect superior risk-adjusted return opportunities to be found among projects that rely more heavily on ingenuity and creativity (and not just capital) to most profitably exploit the changes brought by both the shale revolution and increasing global awareness of the role fossil fuels play in climate change. We believe many of these projects are to be found in the smaller and less competitive size range ($50 million to $200 million) and we believe we will be well positioned to locate and capitalize on the most attractive of these. In our search for the best acquisition candidate, we intend to focus on two primary areas: • proven businesses in need of capital to fund attractive bolt-on growth opportunities; and • development companies with unique projects that are at the mid-to-late stages of the development process with a clearly defined timeline to bring the project on-stream. In both of these areas we expect the expertise, experience and network of our management team and board will significantly enhance our target’s prospects for success. However, these criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. We will seek to capitalize on the operating experience and contacts of our officers and directors in consummating an initial business combination. For many years, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey Schwarz, has been an active investor in the oil & gas exploration and production, oilfield services, shipping and hydrocarbon logistics sectors. Rune Magnus Lundetrae, one of our independent directors, is the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Borr Drilling Ltd. (Borr”), the world’s largest premium jack-up rig operator. Previously Mr. Lundetrae served as a Managing Director and Head of Oil Services at DNB Markets, the investment banking subsidiary of DNB, Norway’s largest financial services group; and as the Chief Financial Officer of Seadrill Ltd., the world’s largest offshore driller. Additionally, Ajay Khandelwal, one of our independent directors, has more than 20 years of diverse experience in the energy and infrastructure sectors across India, the Middle East, Europe and the United States. Mr. Khandelwal served as President (Petroleum and Production) of Reliance Industries Limited, one of India’s largest oil companies. Mr. Khandelwal also previously served as an investment advisor to the family office of John Fredriksen, one of the world’s largest owners of shipping and oilfield services businesses, and served in several positions with Shell International focusing on LNG business development and upstream M&A. We believe the network and skills of these individuals make them valuable resources to our company and will assist us in consummating a transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of our officers or directors has any prior experience with consummating a business combination for a blank check company like our company. Accordingly, past performance of our management team or their affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. EFFECTING A BUSINESS COMBINATION We will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. In the case of a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC 3 which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. In either case, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We will have until 18 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such time period, we will redeem 100% of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be $10.00 per ordinary share (regardless of whether or not the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option), without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Although our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able independently to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. POTENTIAL CONFLICTS Members of our management team have various interests in this offering that are different than our other shareholders and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. As more fully discussed in “ Management — Conflicts of Interest ,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such initial business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such initial business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and 4 directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to such other entities (as well as to us). We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors have agreed to present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the trust account) prior to presenting them to any other entity, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations they may have. Our officers and directors have also agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. For more information on the foregoing conflicts of interest and the relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our management team, see the section titled “ Management — Conflicts of Interest .” JOBS ACT We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act) and will remain such for up to five years. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our outstanding ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. PRIVATE PLACEMENTS In March 2018, we issued an aggregate of 1,221,875 of our ordinary shares, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “founders’ shares,” for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.02 per share, to Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, an affiliate of Jeffrey E. Schwarz, our Chief Executive Officer. Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC then subsequently transferred certain of the founders’ shares to our other initial shareholders, officers and directors for nominal consideration. The founders’ shares held by our initial shareholders includes an aggregate of up to 159,375 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial shareholders will continue to own, in the aggregate, 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming they do not purchase units in this offering and not including the 75,000 ordinary shares issued to EarlyBirdCapital described below). In addition, certain of our initial shareholders have committed that they or their designees will purchase an aggregate of 2,062,500 private warrants at a price of $1.00 per unit ($2,062,500 in the aggregate) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. They have also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they or their designees will purchase from us at a price of $1.00 per private warrant an additional number of private warrants (up to a maximum of 159,375 private warrants, for a total of 2,221,875 private warrants, or a total purchase price of $2,221,875, if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in order to maintain in the trust account $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The proceeds from the private placement of the private warrants will be added to the proceeds of this offering and placed in a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. If we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, the proceeds from the sale of the private warrants will be included in the liquidating distribution to our public shareholders and the private warrants will be worthless. We have also agreed to issue to EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees) 75,000 ordinary shares, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “Representative Shares,” and, for $100, an option to purchase up to 212,500 units exercisable at $10.00 per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,125,000) upon the consummation of this offering. The option is exercisable commencing on the later of the consummation of our initial business combination and the first anniversary of the date of this prospectus. The Representative Shares and unit purchase options and underlying securities are deemed to be underwriters’ compensation by FINRA pursuant to Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. Our executive offices are located at 499 Park Ave, 12 th Floor, New York, NY 10022, and our telephone number is (212) 486-8100. 5 THE OFFERING Securities offered 4,250,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one ordinary share, one right and one redeemable warrant. Listing of our securities and proposed symbols We anticipate the units, and the ordinary shares, rights and warrants once they begin separate trading, will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “HCCHU,” “HCCH,” “HCCHR” and “HCCHW,” respectively. Trading commencement and separation of ordinary shares, rights and warrants The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The ordinary shares, rights and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 90 th day following the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the ordinary shares, rights and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into ordinary shares, rights and warrants. In no event will the ordinary shares, rights and warrants be traded separately until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place two business days from the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. We will also include in the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if EarlyBirdCapital has allowed separate trading of the ordinary shares, rights and warrants prior to the 90 nd day after the date of this prospectus. Units: Number outstanding before this offering 0 units Number outstanding after this offering 4,250,000 units Ordinary Shares: Number outstanding before this offering 1,221,875 shares 1 Number to be outstanding after this offering 5,387,500 shares 2 ____________ 1 This number includes an aggregate of up to 159,375 founders’ shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full. 2 Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 159,375 founders’ shares have been forfeited. Includes the Representative Shares to be issued to EarlyBirdCapital upon consummation of this offering. 6 Rights: Number outstanding before this offering 0 rights Number outstanding after this offering 4,250,000 rights Warrants: Number outstanding before this offering 0 warrants Number to be sold to insiders in private placement 2,062,500 warrants Number to be outstanding after this offering and private placement 6,312,500 warrants Terms of the Rights: Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share upon consummation of our initial business combination. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the 1/10 of a share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination. More specifically, each holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the rights into their underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. There is no length of time within which an investor must affirmatively elect to convert the rights. However, until a holder affirmatively elects to convert its rights, the right certificates held by such holder will not represent the ordinary shares they are convertible for but instead will simply represent the right to receive such ordinary shares. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we redeem the public shares for the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire worthless. Because we will only issue a whole number of shares, you will not receive any fractional shares to the extent the number of rights held by you upon consummation of our initial business combination is not divisible by ten. Warrant Terms: Exercisability Each warrant is exercisable for one ordinary share. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial business combination and 12 months from the date of this prospectus. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. Exercise price $11.50 per warrant. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares is available. If a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of 7 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Redemption We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants and any warrants issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us) in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant at any time while the warrants are exercisable, upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, if, and only if, the last sales price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the ordinary shares may fall below the $18.00 trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value”(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the five trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Securities purchased, or being purchased, by insiders Our initial shareholders have purchased an aggregate of 1,221,875 founders’ shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.02 per share. The 1,221,875 founders’ shares includes an aggregate of up to 159,375 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full or in part. Our initial shareholders will be required to forfeit only a number of ordinary shares necessary to continue to maintain, in the aggregate, the 20.0% ownership interest in our ordinary shares after giving effect to the offering and exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option (excluding any units purchased by them in this offering and the Representative Shares). The founders’ shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering. However, the initial shareholders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to convert any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or any amendment to our charter documents prior to consummation of an initial business combination, or sell any shares to us in 8 a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination and (C) that the founders’ shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the trust account upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Simultaneously with the consummation of this offering, certain of our initial shareholders have committed that they or their designees will purchase an aggregate of 2,062,500 private warrants at $1.00 per private warrant (for a total purchase price of $2,062,500) pursuant to subscription agreements with us. They have also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they or their designees will purchase from us an additional number of private warrants (up to a maximum of 159,375 private warrants, for a total of 2,221,875 private warrants, or a total purchase price of $2,221,875, if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant necessary to maintain in the trust account $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, in each case so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, all of our warrants, including the private warrants, will be worthless. Restrictions on transfer of founders’ shares and private warrants On the date of this prospectus, the founders’ shares will be placed into an escrow account maintained in New York, New York by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as escrow agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until (1) with respect to 50% of the founders’ shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares, one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The limited exceptions include transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our initial shareholders, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to an initial shareholder’s members upon its liquidation, (iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant 9 to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, by private sales at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions. The purchasers of the private warrants have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private warrants (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the founders’ shares may be transferred as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. Offering proceeds to be held in trust An aggregate of $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (regardless of whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised) will be placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. Except as set forth below, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of an initial business combination and our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. Therefore, unless and until an initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be released to us from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our income or other tax obligations. With this exception, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account (initially estimated to be $500,000); provided, however, that in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. These warrants would be identical to the private warrants. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 10 Limited payments to insiders There will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for any services they render prior to, or in order to effectuate the consummation of, an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: · repayment at the closing of this offering of an aggregate of $125,000 of non-interest bearing loans made by Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, an affiliate of Jeffrey E. Schwarz, our Chief Executive Officer; · payment of an aggregate of $10,000 per month to Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP, an affiliate of Mr. Schwarz, for office space and administrative and bookkeeping services; and · reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. Shareholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 11 We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Our initial shareholders and officers and directors and their affiliates have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (ii) not to convert any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or any amendment to our charter prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and (iii) not to sell any shares to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination. None of our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, or choose to convert their shares, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence any vote held to approve a proposed initial business combination or to increase the likelihood of satisfying any closing conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock. Conversion rights In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public shareholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account. We may require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) physically tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. 12 Liquidation if no business combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 18 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 18-month period (or such later date as may be approved by our shareholders), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights or warrants which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 18-month time period. The holders of the founders’ shares will not participate in any liquidation distribution from our trust account with respect to such securities . MCP V — Bushwick LLC, an affiliate of Jeffrey Schwarz, has contractually agreed pursuant to a written agreement with us that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. We believe MCP V — Bushwick LLC has sufficient net worth to satisfy its indemnity obligation should it arise, however we cannot assure you it will have sufficient liquid assets to satisfy such obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement entered into MCP V — Bushwick LLC specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, we cannot assure you that the per-share distribution from the trust account, if we liquidate the trust account because we have not completed a business combination within the required time period, will not be less than $10.00. We will pay the costs of liquidating the trust account from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, MCP V — Bushwick LLC has contractually agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation and has contractually agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. 13 Risks In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account the special risks we face as a blank check company, as well as the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act, and, therefore, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “ Proposed Business — Comparison to offerings of blank check companies subject to Rule 419 .” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 16 of this prospectus. 14 SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, and accordingly only balance sheet data is presented. March 31, 2018 Actual As Adjusted Balance Sheet Data: Working capital (deficiency) (1) $ (47,500 ) $ 43,020,100 Total assets (2) 145,000 43,020,100 Total liabilities 125,000 — Value of ordinary shares subject to possible conversion/tender (3) — 38,020,090 Shareholders’ equity (4) 20,000 5,000,010 ____________ (1) The “as adjusted” calculation includes $42,500,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private warrants, plus $500,000 of cash held outside the trust account, plus $100 of cash held outside the trust account from the sale of the unit purchase option, plus $20,000 of actual shareholders’ equity at March 31, 2018. (2) The “as adjusted” calculation equals $42,500,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private warrants, plus $500,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus $100 of cash held outside the trust account from the sale of the unit purchase option, plus $20,000 of actual shareholders’ equity at March 31, 2018. (3) The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the “as adjusted” shareholders’ equity, which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets threshold of at least $5,000,001. (4) Excludes 3,802,009 ordinary shares purchased in the public market which are subject to conversion in connection with our initial business combination. The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the value of ordinary shares that may be converted in connection with our initial business combination ($10.00 per share). The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units we are offering, including the application of the related gross proceeds and the payment of the estimated remaining costs from such sale and the repayment of the accrued and other liabilities required to be repaid. The “as adjusted” working capital and total assets amounts include the $42,500,000 to be held in the trust account, which, except for limited situations described in this prospectus, will be available to us only upon the consummation of a business combination within the time period described in this prospectus. If a business combination is not so consummated, the trust account, less amounts we are permitted to withdraw as described in this prospectus, will be distributed solely to our public shareholders (subject to our obligations under BVI law to provide for claims of creditors). We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 15 RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related to the offering, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. This prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS We are a newly formed company with no operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a newly formed company with no operating results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public offering of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) engaged in any substantive discussions with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential business combination with us. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination. Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.” As of March 31, 2018, we had $77,500 in cash and a working capital deficiency of $47,500. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to consummate a business combination, our public shareholders may be forced to wait more than 18 months before receiving distributions from the trust account. We have 18 months from the closing of this offering in which to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless we consummate a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert or sell their shares to us. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from the trust account if we are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors’ funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. We will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. 16 You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, since we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account in all cases. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, we will be entitled to withdraw certain interest earned on the funds held in the trust account prior to the completion of a business combination. If we determine to change our acquisition criteria or guidelines, many of the disclosures contained in this prospectus would be rendered irrelevant and you would be investing in our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire. We could seek to deviate from the acquisition criteria or guidelines disclosed in this prospectus although we have no current intention to do so. For instance, we currently anticipate acquiring a target business that is an operating business in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry. However, we are not obligated to do so and may determine to merge with or acquire a company with no operating history or in any industry we choose if the terms of the transaction are determined by us to be favorable to our public shareholders. In such event, many of the acquisition criteria and guidelines set forth in this prospectus would be rendered irrelevant. Accordingly, investors may be making an investment in our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire. We may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our shareholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. As of the date of this prospectus, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 ordinary shares, no par value, and 1,000,000 preference shares, no par value. Immediately after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), there will be 87,428,750 authorized but unissued ordinary shares available for issuance (after appropriate reservation for the issuance of the shares underlying the public rights, the public and private warrants and the unit purchase options). Although we have no commitment as of the date of this offering, we may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares or preference shares, or a combination of ordinary shares and preference shares, to complete a business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares will not reduce the per-share conversion amount in the trust account, but: • may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in this offering; • may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preference shares with rights senior to those afforded to our ordinary shares; • may cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares. Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 17 • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. If we incur indebtedness, our lenders will not have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion amount in the trust account. If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months, we may be unable to complete a business combination. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates will be accurate. Accordingly, if we use all of the funds held outside of the trust account, we may not have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close an initial business combination. In such event, we would need to borrow funds from our initial shareholders, officers or directors or their affiliates to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Our initial shareholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount that they deem reasonable in their sole discretion for our working capital needs. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into private warrants at a price of $1.00 per private warrant. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by shareholders may be less than $10.00. Our placing of funds in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public shareholders. If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute the proceeds held in trust to our public shareholders, has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in this prospectus) that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. We believe has sufficient net worth to satisfy its indemnity obligation should it arise, however we cannot assure you it will have sufficient liquid assets to satisfy such obligations if it is required to do so. Therefore, the per-share distribution from the trust account may be less than $10.00, plus interest, due to such claims. Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public shareholders at least $10.00. Our directors may decide not to enforce MCP V — Bushwick LLC’s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per public share and MCP V — Bushwick LLC asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against MCP V — Bushwick LLC to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. 18 Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will continue in existence only until 18 months from the closing of this offering. (unless this time period is otherwise extended by our shareholders). If we have not completed a business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under BVI law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties will not seek to recover from our shareholders amounts owed to them by us. In connection with any voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice to our creditors inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location where the company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he considers appropriate, after which our remaining assets would be distributed. As soon as our affairs are fully wound-up, if we were to liquidate, the liquidator must complete his statement of account and will then notify the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands, or the “Registrar”, that the liquidation has been completed. However, the liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors’ claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with a British Virgin Islands court, which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our remaining assets. In any liquidation proceedings of the company under British Virgin Islands law, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account we may not be able to return to our public shareholders the redemption amounts payable to them. If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a “cashless basis.” If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis” provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of ordinary shares that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. No warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless the ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants 19 are not registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we would need approval from the holders of 1,093,751, or approximately 25.7%, of the public warrants to amend the terms of the warrants (assuming the holders of the private warrants voted in favor of such amendment). We may amend the terms of the rights in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding rights. Our rights will be issued in registered form under a rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The rights agreement provides that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The rights agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding rights in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Since we have not yet selected a particular industry or target business with which to complete a business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. Although we currently intend to focus our search for target businesses in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry, we may consummate a business combination with a company in any industry or geographic location we choose and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. Our ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers is required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. The role of our key personnel after a business combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may serve in senior management or advisory positions following a business 20 combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. We may consummate a business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination. Our officers and directors are officers and/or directors of other companies and will not commit their full time to our affairs. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. The foregoing could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination. Our officers and directors have waived their right to convert their founders’ shares or any other shares purchased in this offering or thereafter, or to receive distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders’ shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a business combination. Accordingly, the shares acquired prior to this offering will be worthless if we do not consummate a business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best interest. Our officers and directors or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or 21 competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. For a more detailed description of the pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations of our management team, and the potential conflicts of interest that such obligations may present, see the section titled “ Management — Conflicts of Interest .” Nasdaq may delist our securities from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We anticipate that our securities will be listed on Nasdaq, a national securities exchange, upon consummation of this offering. Although, after giving effect to this offering, we expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq’s minimum initial listing standards, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders’ equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: • a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; • a determination that our ordinary shares are “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our ordinary shares; • a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and • a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our ordinary shares, rights and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants will be covered securities. If we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our ordinary shares less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our outstanding ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our ordinary shares less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our ordinary shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. 22 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. It is likely we will consummate a business combination with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: • solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or • dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination. The ability of our shareholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. If our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price for the target business, because we will not know how many shareholders may exercise conversion rights or seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us. In connection with any vote to approve a business combination, we will offer each public shareholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its shares. In connection with any vote to approve a business combination, we will offer each public shareholder (but not our initial shareholders, officers or directors) the right to have his, her or its ordinary shares converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus) regardless of whether such shareholder votes for or against such proposed business combination. This ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of our proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate a business combination. In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public shareholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. We may require public shareholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either (i) tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders’ option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain a physical share certificate, a shareholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for shareholders 23 to deliver their shares, shareholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. If, in connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public shareholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion, such converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. If we require public shareholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public shareholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our ordinary shares may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other shareholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities. Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking shareholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination may delay the consummation of such a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding rights, warrants and unit purchase options, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering will be sufficient to allow us to consummate a business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares from shareholders seeking conversion, we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our initial shareholders, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after a business combination. Our officers and directors and their affiliates will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a shareholder vote. Upon consummation of our offering, our officers and directors and their affiliates will own approximately 19.7% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). None of our officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or ordinary shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, our officers, directors 24 or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of shareholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our officers and directors have agreed to vote the ordinary shares owned by them immediately before this offering as well as any ordinary shares acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. Our board of directors is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law for up to 18 months. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination. Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.02 per share, for the founders’ shares and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our ordinary shares. The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the ordinary shares and none to the right or warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per ordinary share after this offering constitutes the dilution to the investors in this offering. Our initial shareholders acquired the founders’ shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon consummation of this offering, you and the other new investors will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 72.6% or $ 6.60 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $2.49, and the effective initial offering price of $9.09 per unit). This is because investors in this offering will be contributing approximately 99.9% of the total amount paid to us for our outstanding securities after this offering but will only own approximately 80.4% of our outstanding securities and this becomes exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek to convert their shares into a pro rata share of the trust proceeds. Accordingly, the per-share purchase price you will be paying substantially exceeds our per share net tangible book value. Our outstanding rights, warrants and unit purchase options may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effect a business combination. We will be issuing rights to receive 425,000 ordinary shares and warrants to purchase 4,250,000 ordinary shares as part of the units offered by this prospectus and the private warrants to purchase 2,062,500 ordinary shares. We will also issue unit purchase options to purchase 212,500 units to the representative of the underwriters which, if exercised, will result in the issuance of 233,750 ordinary shares (including 21,250 ordinary shares upon conversion of the rights included therein) and warrants to purchase an additional 212,500 ordinary shares. We may also issue other warrants to our officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us as described in this prospectus. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effect a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants and unit purchase options may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the rights, warrants or unit purchase options could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent ordinary shares are issued upon conversion of the rights or exercise of the warrants or unit purchase options, you may experience dilution to your holdings. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants and any warrants issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, to the extent they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for 25 stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. Our management’s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our officers or directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company. If our security holders exercise their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination. Our initial shareholders are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of the founders’ shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the private warrants and any other warrants we issue to them (and the underlying securities) commencing at any time after we consummate an initial business combination. The presence of these additional securities trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the shareholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our ordinary shares. EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital to assist us in connection with our initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an aggregate amount equal to 4.0% of the total gross proceeds raised in the offering. The Representative Shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. These financial interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital having a conflict of interest when providing the services to us in connection with an initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination. A company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. 26 Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account, it is possible that we could be deemed an investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in trust may be invested by the trustee only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including: • restrictions on the nature of our investments; and • restrictions on the issuance of securities. In addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: • registration as an investment company; • adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and • reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. Compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. The determination for the offering price of our units is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry. Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the rights and warrants were negotiated between us and EarlyBirdCapital, as representative of the underwriters. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the ordinary shares, rights and warrants underlying the units, include: • the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; • prior offerings of those companies; our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; • our capital structure; • an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; and • general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering. However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results to compare them to. If we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. We must conduct a due diligence investigation of the target businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular target business, and factors outside 27 the control of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence fails to identify issues specific to a target business, industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our ordinary shares. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination. We have 18 months from the closing of this offering to complete an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limit referenced above. We may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. We will only be required to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or initial shareholders. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly, investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. Resources could be spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. It is anticipated that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require that we have such system of internal controls audited beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2019. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management’s evaluation of our system of internal controls. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our ordinary shares. 28 We may be subject to cybersecurity risks following consummation of a business combination. The company we may seek to acquire may rely on information technology systems, including third-party hosted servers and cloud-based servers, to keep business, financial, and corporate records, communicate internally and externally, and operate other critical functions. If any of those internal systems or the systems of its third-party providers are compromised due to cyber incidents, then sensitive documents could be exposed or deleted, and the company’s ability to conduct business could be impaired. Cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. These incidents can include, but are not limited to, unauthorized access to systems, computer viruses or other malicious code, denial of service attacks, malware, ransomware, phishing, SQL injection attacks, human error, or other events that result in security breaches or give rise to the manipulation or loss of sensitive information or assets. Cyber incidents can be caused by various persons or groups, including disgruntled employees and vendors, activists, organized crime groups, and state-sponsored and individual hackers. Cyber incidents can also be caused or aggravated by natural events, such as earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, and telecommunications failures. In addition to operational and business consequences, if a target business’ cybersecurity is breached, it could be held liable to its customers or other parties in regulatory or other actions, and it may be exposed to reputation damages and loss of trust and business. This could result in costly investigations and litigation, civil or criminal penalties, fines, and negative publicity. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the operations and profitability of a target business we seek to acquire. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. We are a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under British Virgin Islands law are governed by the Companies Act and the common law of the British Virgin Islands. The common law of the British Virgin Islands is derived from English common law, and while the decisions of the English courts are of persuasive authority, they are not binding on a court in the British Virgin Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under British Virgin Islands law may not be as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and some states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, while statutory provisions do exist in BVI law for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, shareholders in BVI companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in a federal court of the United States. The circumstances in which any such action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available with respect to any such action, may result in the rights of shareholders of a BVI company being more limited than those of shareholders of a company organized in the United States. Accordingly, shareholders may have fewer alternatives available to them if they believe that corporate wrongdoing has occurred. The British Virgin Islands courts are also unlikely: • to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws where that liability is in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; and • to impose liabilities against us, in original actions brought in the British Virgin Islands, based on certain civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws that are penal in nature. There is no statutory recognition in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, although the courts of the British Virgin Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that the U.S. judgment: 29 • the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; • is final and for a liquidated sum; • the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; • in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the U.S. court; • recognition or enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to public policy in the British Virgin Islands; and • the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by our board of directors, management or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company. For a discussion of certain differences between the provisions of the Companies Act, remedies available to shareholders and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders, see “ British Virgin Islands Company Considerations .” If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we acquire a company that operates outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: • rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • increased tariffs and trade barriers; • regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • longer payment cycles; • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; • currency fluctuations and exchange controls; • challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • cultural and language differences; • employment regulations; • crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and • deterioration of political relations with the United States, including as a result of new or additional regulations or restrictions on trade. We cannot assure you that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. 30 If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under federal securities laws. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards, we will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target businesses unless their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. Additionally, to the extent we furnish our shareholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, such financial statements will need to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire. There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. There is currently no market for our securities. Shareholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 31 There may be tax consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. We may qualify as a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. In general, we will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) for any taxable year in which either (1) at least 75% of our gross income (looking through certain 25% or more-owned corporate subsidiaries) is passive income or (2) at least 50% of the average value of our assets (looking through certain 25% or more-owned corporate subsidiaries) is attributable to assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. Passive income generally includes, without limitation, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets. If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our units, ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to increased U.S. federal income tax liability and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this prospectus captioned “ Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules ”). Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (or after the end of the start-up period, if later). Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. We may qualify as a controlled foreign corporation, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to certain U.S. investors. A U.S. Holder who (directly, indirectly, or constructively) owns 10% or more of our stock (by vote or value) (a “10% U.S. Shareholder”) will be subject to the “controlled foreign corporation” (CFC) rules if we are a CFC. Under the CFC rules, each 10% U.S. Shareholder generally must include annually certain income, including its pro rata share of the CFC’s “subpart F income” and any “global intangible low-taxed income,” even if no distributions are made. In general, a foreign corporation will be treated as a CFC only if its 10% U.S. Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of its stock (by vote or value). Although we expect that because of the dispersion of our shares we will not become a CFC, no assurance can made. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the CFC rules. Recently enacted tax reform legislation in the U.S. could adversely affect our business and financial condition following a business combination. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Act”) was signed into law, making significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. Changes under the Tax Act include, but are not limited to, a corporate tax rate decrease from 35% to 21% effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings, a limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30% of adjusted earnings (except for certain small businesses), a limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80% of current year taxable income and the elimination of net operating loss carrybacks, a one-time taxation of offshore earnings at reduced rates regardless of whether they are repatriated, the elimination of U.S. tax on foreign earnings (subject to certain important exceptions), immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation expense over time, and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits (including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of orphan drugs). The overall impact of the Tax Act is uncertain, and it could make completing a business combination with us less appealing than with companies in other countries. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act and what effect any legal challenges will have on the Tax Act, including litigation in the U.S. and international challenges brought by organizations such as the World Trade Organization. The impact of the Tax Act on holders of our securities is also uncertain and could be adverse. Investors should consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to this legislation and the potential tax consequences of investing in or holding our securities. 32 If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, certain members of our management team will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations. If we consummate a business combination with a target business in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry, we would be subject to the risks attendant to such industry. If we are successful in consummating a business combination with a target business in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry, we would be subject to all of the risks attendant to such industry, including, among others: • fluctuations in energy prices in general and gas prices in particular causing a reduction in the demand or profitability of the products or services we may ultimately produce or offer; • changes in technology rendering our products or services obsolete following a business combination; • increasing governmental regulation; and • failure to comply with governmental regulations resulting in the imposition of penalties, fines or restrictions on operations and remedial liabilities. 33 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this prospectus that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about our: • ability to complete our initial business combination; • success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; • officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; • potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination; • pool of prospective target businesses; • ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; • potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for shares; • public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; • the lack of a market for our securities; • expectations regarding the time during which we will be an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act; • use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or • financial performance following this offering. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “ Risk Factors .” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 34 USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, in addition to the funds we will receive from the sale of the private warrants (all of which will be deposited into the trust account), will be as set forth in the following table: Without Over-Allotment Option Over-Allotment Option Exercised Gross proceeds From offering $ 42,500,000 $ 48,875,000 From private placement 2,062,500 2,221,875 Total gross proceeds 44,562,500 51,096,875 Offering expenses (1) Underwriting discount (2.5% of gross proceeds from units offered to public) 1,062,500 (2) 1,221,875 (2) Legal fees and expenses 250,000 250,000 Nasdaq Listing Fees 75,000 75,000 Printing and engraving expenses 40,000 40,000 Accounting fees and expenses 40,000 40,000 FINRA filing fee 8,300 8,300 SEC registration fee 6,450 6,450 D&O insurance premiums 65,000 65,000 Miscellaneous expenses 15,250 15,250 Total expenses 1,562,500 1,721,875 Net proceeds Held in trust 42,500,000 48,875,000 Not held in trust 500,000 500,000 Total net proceeds $ 43,000,000 $ 49,375,000 Use of net proceeds not held in trust (3)(4) Amount Percentage Legal, accounting and other third party expenses attendant to the search for target businesses and to the due diligence investigation, structuring and negotiation of a business combination $ 150,000 30.0 % Due diligence of prospective target businesses by officers and directors 50,000 10.0 % Legal and accounting fees relating to SEC reporting obligations 100,000 20.0 % Payment of administrative fee to Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP ($10,000 per month for up to 18 months) 180,000 36.0 % Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses, general corporate purposes and reserves 20,000 4.0 % Total $ 500,000 100.0 % ____________ (1) A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from the funds we received from our initial shareholders described below. These funds will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us. (2) No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the private warrants. (3) The amount of proceeds not held in trust will remain constant at approximately $500,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised. (4) These are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of that business combination. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would be deducted from our excess working capital. Certain of our initial shareholders have committed that they or their designees will purchase the private warrants (for an aggregate purchase price of $2,062,500) from us on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. They have also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the 35 underwriters in full or in part, they or their designees will purchase from us an additional number of private warrants (up to a maximum of 159,375 private warrants, for a total of 2,221,875 private warrants, or a total purchase price of $2,221,875, if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant necessary to maintain in the trust account $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in this offering subject to certain limited exceptions as described elsewhere in this prospectus. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. $42,500,000, or $48,875,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private warrants, will be placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, as trustee. The funds held in trust will be invested only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our income or other tax obligations, the proceeds will not be released from the trust account until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. The proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete a business combination. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business. The payment to Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP, an affiliate of Jeffrey Schwarz, of a monthly fee of $10,000 is for general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and bookkeeping services. This arrangement is being agreed to by Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP for our benefit and is not intended to provide Mr. Schwarz with compensation in lieu of a salary. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that the fee charged by Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. This arrangement will terminate upon completion of our initial business combination or the distribution of the trust account to our public shareholders. Other than the $10,000 per month fee and the repayment of $125,000 of non-interest bearing loans from Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC (none of which payments will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination), no compensation of any kind will be paid to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. There is no limit on the amount of such expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Since the role of present management after a business combination is uncertain, we have no ability to determine what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after a business combination. Regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the net proceeds from this offering available to us out of trust for our working capital requirements in searching for a business combination will be approximately $500,000. We intend to use the proceeds for legal, accounting and other expenses of structuring and negotiating business combinations, due diligence of prospective target businesses, legal and accounting fees related to SEC reporting obligations, the monthly administrative fee described above, as well as for reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our initial shareholders, officers and directors in connection with activities on our behalf as described above. The allocation of the net proceeds available to us outside of the trust account represents our best estimate of the intended uses of these funds. In the event that our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, we may reallocate some of such proceeds within the above described categories. If our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth 36 due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. We may use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including a fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital equal to 4.0% of the gross proceeds raised in this offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable) upon consummation of our initial business combination for assisting us in connection with our initial business combination, as described under the section titled “ Underwriting — Business Combination Marketing Agreement .” To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the proceeds held in the trust account which are not used to consummate a business combination will be disbursed to the combined company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. To the extent we are unable to consummate a business combination, MCP V — Bushwick LLC has agreed to pay the costs of liquidation to the extent the funds available to us outside of the trust account are insufficient and has agreed not to seek repayment of such amounts. As of the date of this prospectus, Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, one of our initial shareholders and an affiliate of Jeffrey E. Schwarz, our Chief Executive Officer, has loaned us an aggregate of $125,000 which was used to pay a portion of the expenses of this offering referenced in the line items above for SEC registration fee, FINRA filing fee, Nasdaq listing fees and a portion of the legal and audit fees and expenses. The loan will be payable without interest on the consummation of this offering. The loan will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us for payment of offering expenses. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, we will have sufficient available funds (which includes amounts that may be released to us from the trust account) to operate for the next 18 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. However, if necessary, in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per unit. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. A public shareholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account (including interest earned on his, her or its portion of the trust account to the extent not previously released to us) only in the event of (i) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares in connection with our liquidation if we have not completed a business combination within the required time period, (ii) if that public shareholder converts such shares, or sells such shares to us in a tender offer, in connection with a business combination which we consummate or (iii) we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect our public shareholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, whether proposed by our initial shareholders, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. 37 DIVIDEND POLICY We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be, subject to the laws of the British Virgin Islands, within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a share dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation of this offering (excluding ownership of any units purchased in this offering and the Representative Shares). Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 38 DILUTION The difference between the public offering price per share, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and the private warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private warrants. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of ordinary shares which may be converted into cash or sold in a tender offer), by the number of outstanding ordinary shares. At March 31, 2018, our net tangible book deficit was $47,500, or approximately $(0.04) per ordinary share. For purposes of the dilution calculation, in order to present the maximum estimated dilution as a result of this offering, we have assumed (i) the issuance of 0.10 of a share for each right outstanding, as such issuance will occur upon a business combination without the payment of any additional consideration and (ii) the number of shares included in the units offered hereby will be deemed to be 4,675,000 (consisting of 4,250,000 shares included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and 425,000 shares for the outstanding rights), and the price per share in this offering will be deemed to be $9.09. After giving effect to the sale of 4,250,000 ordinary shares included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the sale of the private warrants and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at March 31, 2018 would have been $5,000,010 or $2.49 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of the 3,802,009 ordinary shares that may be converted to cash and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) of $2.53 per share to our initial shareholders and an immediate dilution of $6.60 per share or 72.6% to our public shareholders not exercising their conversion rights. The dilution to new investors if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full would be an immediate dilution of $6.85 per share or 75.4%. The following table illustrates the dilution to the new investors on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units and the private warrants: Public offering price $ 9.09 Net tangible book value before this offering $ (0.04 ) Increase attributable to public shareholders and private sales 2.53 Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering 2.49 Dilution to public shareholders $ 6.60 Percentage of dilution to public shareholders 72.6 % The following table sets forth information with respect to our existing shareholders and the public shareholders: Shares Total Consideration Average Price Number Purchased Percentage Amount Percentage per Share Initial shareholders 1,062,500 (1) 18.3 % $ 25,000 0.06 % $ 0.02 Representative Shares 75,000 1.3 % — 0 % — Public shareholders (2) 4,675,000 80.4 % 42,500,000 99. 94 % $ 9.09 Total 5,812,500 100.0 % $ 42,525,000 100.0 % ____________ (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 159,375 founders’ shares have been forfeited as a result thereof. (2) Assumes the issuance of an additional 425,000 shares underlying rights included in the units offered. 39 The pro forma net tangible book value after the offering is calculated as follows: Numerator: Net tangible book value before the offering $ (47,500 ) Net proceeds from this offering and private placement 43,000,000 Plus: Offering costs accrued for and paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value before this offering 67,500 Plus: Proceeds from sale of unit purchase option to underwriters 100 Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to conversion/tender (38,020,090 ) 5,000,010 Denominator: Ordinary shares outstanding prior to this offering 1,062,500 (1) Ordinary shares included in the units offered 4,250,000 Ordinary shares underlying rights included in the units offered 425,000 Representative Shares 75,000 Less: Shares subject to conversion/tender (3,802,009 ) 2,010,491 ____________ (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 159,375 founders’ shares have been forfeited as a result thereof. 40 CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our capitalization at March 31, 2018 and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units and the private warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities: March 31, 2018 Actual As Adjusted (1) Note payable to related party (2) $ 125,000 $ — Ordinary shares, no par value, -0- and 3,802,009 shares which are subject to possible conversion/tender (3) — 38,020,090 Shareholders’ equity: Preference shares, no par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding (4) — — Ordinary shares, no par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 1,221,875 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 1,585,491 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 3,802,009 shares subject to possible conversion/tender), as adjusted 25,000 5,005,010 Accumulated deficit (5,000 ) (5,000 ) Total shareholders’ equity: 20,000 5,000,010 Total capitalization 145,000 43,020,100 ____________ (1) Includes the $2,062,500 we will receive from the sale of the private warrants. Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 159,375 founders’ shares have been forfeited by our initial shareholders as a result thereof. (2) Note payable to related party is the outstanding amount at March 31, 2018 under a $125,000 promissory note issued to Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier to occur of April 1, 2019, the consummation of this offering, or the abandonment of this offering. (3) Upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will provide our shareholders (but not our initial shareholders, officers or directors) with the opportunity to convert or sell their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest not previously released to us (less taxes payable), subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001. (4) Our memorandum and articles of association will be amended on or prior to the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part to provide for the creation of 1,000,000 of authorized preference shares. 41 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We were formed on February 23, 2018 for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region although we currently intend to focus on target businesses in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares: • may significantly reduce the equity interest of our shareholders; • may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preference shares with rights senior to those afforded to our common shares; • will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and • our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity since inception has been to prepare for our proposed fundraising through an offering of our equity securities. We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at March 31, 2018, we had $77,500 in cash and a working capital deficiency of $47,500. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed below. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the founders’ shares, and the loan from one of our initial shareholders in an aggregate amount of $125,000 that is more fully described below. 42 We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $500,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $1,062,500 (or $1,221,875 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) and (ii) the sale of the private warrants for a purchase price of $2,062,500 (or $2,221,875 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be $43,000,000 (or $49,375,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $42,500,000 (or $48,875,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account. The remaining $500,000 will not be held in trust. We may use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including a fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital equal to 4.0% of the gross proceeds raised in this offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable) upon consummation of our initial business combination for assisting us in connection with our initial business combination, as described under the section titled “Underwriting — Business Combination Marketing Agreement.” To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the approximate $500,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. We anticipate that we will incur approximately: • $150,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a business combination; • $50,000 of expenses for the due diligence and investigation of a target business by our officers and directors; • $100,000 of expenses for legal and accounting fees relating to our SEC reporting obligations; • $180,000 for the payment of the administrative fee to Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP (of $10,000 per month for up to 18 months); and • $20,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses, liquidation obligations and reserves. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or we earn less interest on the funds held in the trust account than anticipated, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. We do not have a maximum debt leverage ratio or a policy with respect to how much debt we may incur. The amount of debt we will be willing to incur will depend on the facts and circumstances of the proposed business combination and market conditions at the time of the potential business combination. At this time, we are not party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising additional funds through the sale of our securities or the incurrence of debt. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. In the current economic environment, it has become especially difficult to obtain acquisition financing. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 43 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS We issued an unsecured promissory note to Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, one of our initial shareholders and an affiliate of Jeffrey E. Schwarz, our Chief Executive Officer, on March 21, 2018, pursuant to which we may borrow up to aggregate principal amount of $125,000. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) April 1, 2019, (ii) the consummation of this offering or (iii) the abandonment of this offering. If the offering is consummated, the loan will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering not being placed in trust. We are obligated, commencing on the date of this prospectus, to pay Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP, an initial shareholder, a monthly fee in an aggregate amount of $10,000 for general and administrative services. Certain of our initial shareholders have committed that they or their designees will purchase an aggregate of 2,062,500 private warrants at $1.00 per private warrant (for a total purchase price of $2,062,500) from us. This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. They have also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they or their designees will purchase from us an additional number of private warrants (up to a maximum of 159,375 private warrants, for a total of 2,221,875 private warrants, or a total purchase price of $2,221,875, if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant necessary to maintain in the trust account $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Target businesses we may consider for a business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: • staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; • reconciliation of accounts; • proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; • evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; • documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and • documentation of accounting policies and procedures. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. 44 Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK The net proceeds of this offering, including amounts in the trust account, will be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS; COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS; QUARTERLY RESULTS As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date. 45 PROPOSED BUSINESS INTRODUCTION We were formed on February 23, 2018 in the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region although we currently intend to focus on target businesses in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. None of our officers, directors, promoters and other affiliates has engaged in any substantive discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential business combination with us. MARKET OPPORTUNITY We now have the ability to produce oil and gas from geological formations that previously were considered unproductive, through the use of horizontal drilling combined with hydraulic fracturing. This “shale revolution” has up-ended the global energy markets in both obvious and more nuanced ways. The most recognizable is the huge growth in U.S. crude oil production, which jumped from just under 5.5 million BPD in 2010 to nearly 9.5 million BPD by 2015. Another movement evolving in parallel with the shale revolution is the effort to combat global warming and more generally to protect the environment. While decades from now the transition to renewable energy sources will lead to a decline in the demand for fossil fuels, for now the most discernable impact has been the substitution of cleaner burning fuels like natural gas and NGLs for dirty fuels like coal and biomass. This shift has been especially pronounced in less developed countries like China and India, already the world’s first and third largest energy consumers. The increase in market share captured by U.S. oil producers was the catalyst for Saudi Arabia’s decision to flood the world market with oil, triggering a crash in prices as the price of a barrel of oil dropped from its peak of nearly $125/barrel in 2011 to just below $30/barrel in January 2016. Yet despite their best efforts, OPEC and the Saudis could not kill the shale revolution as U.S. producers innovated to adapt to the lower prices. In fact, the U.S. Department of Energy’s EIA estimated U.S. daily production for the month of April 2018 at 10.5 million BPD, the highest level on record. The Paris-based IEA recently stated that “explosive” increases in U.S. oil output would push the country ahead of Saudi Arabia this year and put it in a position to challenge top producer Russia. Although all of the foregoing is well known and has been digested by the markets, there are numerous, less visible changes that have created and continue to create very attractive investment opportunities in the energy space. For example: • Changes in Trade Flows : While the U.S. remains a major importer of crude oil and refined products (with the country consuming just under 20 million BPD), the growth in U.S. production has reduced the amount of oil the U.S. must import. As a result, the oil from places like West Africa and the Arabian Gulf has needed to find another home. Additionally, in 2015, Congress lifted the 40 year old ban on U.S. crude oil exports (which had been implemented in the aftermath of the 1973 Arab oil embargo) and from a standing start, U.S. exports — primarily of light, sweet crude — have recently exceeded 2 million BPD. The changes in the size and direction of these trade flows impact the need for and employment of shipping and terminalling assets, which we believe will create investment opportunities. • Demand for Natural Gas and NGLs : The shale revolution did not just affect the production of oil, but also unlocked America’s huge reserves of natural gas and NGLs. Net imports for natural gas peaked in 2007, and by last year the U.S. had become a net exporter. The EIA recently stated that “a dramatic increase in shale production will transform the U.S. into the world’s largest exporter of LNG by the mid-2020s.” Dry natural gas production in the U.S. has increased 5% annually from 56 Bcf/d in 2010 to 78 Bcf/d by yearend 2017, and the EIA projects that 2018 production will show both the highest annual production and the largest annual increase on record. This growth is coinciding with significant increases in domestic liquefaction capacity, as well as LNG exports, which have risen to nearly 1.9 Bcf/d. This should create investment opportunities in companies needed to help export such natural gas and LNG. 46 The developing world is anticipated to account for much of the increase in global energy demand, particularly in Asia, where energy consumption is expected to grow by 51% between 2015-2040. Asia is already the biggest importer of LNG, and greater environmental awareness and favorable economics will accelerate the demand for LNG. • Demand for and Patterns of Consumption of Natural Gas : While not talked about nearly as much as the impact on the oil market, the increase in supply of natural gas has had a much greater relative effect on the demand for and patterns of consumption of natural gas. Unlike crude oil, where virtually all the buying and selling has been done in the spot market, traditionally, natural gas did not have a spot market and was instead bought and sold under very long term (10-20 years) contracts. This lack of flexibility hindered its attractiveness as a fuel source. Recently, with the significant growth in supply of natural gas, an efficient spot market has developed. According to S&P Global Platts, LNG transactions are becoming significantly more flexible and transparent, with spot deliveries accounting for nearly 30% of the global LNG market in 2017. This has included important non-pricing evolutions, including shorter, smaller contracts with greater destination flexibility. These developments are greatly expanding the universe of potential customers. However, natural gas and NGLs are much harder to ship. If pipelines are not in place, natural gas and NGLs need to be super-cooled and/or pressurized in order to be transported. While North America and Europe have extensive pipeline networks which facilitate the use of natural gas for heating, cooking and power generation, those pipeline networks do not exist in most of the developing world. Our management believes that the developing world is where energy consumption will see the greatest growth in demand in the years to come. Enabling natural gas and NGLs (which are cleaner and often cheaper than competing fuels) to reach end users will require a huge capital commitment for infrastructure assets, which we believe will provide opportunities to build out businesses. The dramatic decline in the price of natural gas and NGLs in the US has also incentivized their use as feedstocks in newly built petrochemical plants, whose outputs also will require specialized forms of transportation. We believe that this will trigger the need for investment in these asset classes. • Environmental Regulation Targeting the Shipping Industry : The aforementioned shift away from dirty fossil fuels toward the use of cleaner burning ones like natural gas and NGLs is part of a broader trend toward environmental protection. The global shipping industry has been a specific target with various regulations soon to take effect that will have major ramifications for the industry and will provide interesting investment opportunities. Among the most significant of them is the IMO cap on sulfur content in marine fuels (lowering the limit on sulfur content from the current 3.5% level to 0.5%), intended to reduce the emission of sulfur oxides into the atmosphere and scheduled to become effective in 2020. Currently the global shipping fleet consumes 3 million BPD of residual fuel oil. This represents more than 3% of worldwide oil consumption. This fuel does not meet the new regulations. Compliant fuel will be both in short supply and much more expensive. Likely responses will include modification of vessels to provide for the use of alternative fuels (such as LNG or LPG), upgrading of refineries to convert low value residual fuel to higher value-added products such as low sulfur diesel and scrapping of older, less fuel-efficient vessels. We believe that each of these responses will create investment opportunities. Some of the investment opportunities that are arising from the confluence of the shale revolution and greater global environmental awareness require billions of dollars of capital, and IOCs, private equity funds, infrastructure funds and sovereign wealth funds are well positioned to meet that need. Where capital is abundant, returns to capital tend to be modest. By contrast, we expect superior risk-adjusted return opportunities to be found among projects that rely more heavily on ingenuity and creativity (and not just capital) to most profitably exploit the changes brought by both the shale revolution and increasing global awareness of the role fossil fuels play in climate change. We believe many of these projects are to be found in the smaller and less competitive size range ($50 million to $200 million) and we believe we will be well positioned to locate and capitalize on the most attractive of these. In our search for the best acquisition candidate, we intend to focus on two primary areas: • proven businesses in need of capital to fund attractive bolt-on growth opportunities; and • development companies with unique projects that are at the mid-to-late stages of the development process with a clearly defined timeline to bring the project on-stream. 47 In both of these areas we expect the expertise, experience and network of our management team and board will significantly enhance our target’s prospects for success. However, these criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS We believe we have the following competitive strengths: Status as a public company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses might find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders’ interests than it would have as a privately-held company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our status as a public company will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company. These inherent limitations include limitations on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek shareholder approval of a business combination, which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our outstanding rights and warrants, which may represent a source of future dilution. Financial position With funds in the trust account of $42,500,000 (or $48,875,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) available to use for a business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance that it will be available to us. Management Expertise We will seek to capitalize on the operating experience and contacts of our officers and directors in consummating an initial business combination. For many years, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey Schwarz, has been an active investor in the oil & gas exploration and production, oilfield services, shipping and hydrocarbon logistics sectors. Rune Magnus Lundetrae, one of our independent directors, is the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Borr, the world’s largest premium jack-up rig operator. Previously Mr. Lundetrae served as a Managing Director and Head of Oil Services at DNB Markets, the investment banking subsidiary of DNB, Norway’s largest financial services group; and as the Chief Financial Officer of Seadrill Ltd., the world’s largest offshore driller. Additionally, Ajay Khandelwal, one of our independent directors, has more than 20 years of diverse experience in the energy and infrastructure sectors across India, the Middle East, Europe and the United States. Mr. Khandelwal served as President (Petroleum and Production) of Reliance Industries Limited, one of India’s largest oil companies. Mr. Khandelwal also previously served as an investment advisor to the family office of John Fredriksen, one of 48 the world’s largest owners of shipping and oilfield services businesses, and served in several positions with Shell International focusing on LNG business development and upstream M&A. We believe the network and skills of these individuals make them valuable resources to our company and will assist us in consummating a transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of our officers or directors has any prior experience with consummating a business combination for a blank check company like our company. Accordingly, past performance of our management team or their affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. EFFECTING A BUSINESS COMBINATION General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of private warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination which has not yet been identified. Accordingly, investors in this offering are investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense and potential loss of voting control, among others. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. We Have Not Identified a Target Business To date, we have not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search for a business combination. None of our officers, directors, promoters and other affiliates has engaged in any substantive discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential business combination with us. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate such companies. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate a target business or that we will be able to engage in a business combination with a target business on favorable terms or at all. Subject to the requirement that our target business have a fair market value of 80% of the trust account balance, as described below, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Except as described below, we have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. Sources of Target Businesses While we have not yet identified any acquisition candidates, we believe based on our management’s business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous acquisition candidates. We expect that our principal means of identifying potential target businesses will be through the extensive contacts and relationships of our initial shareholders, officers and directors. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, we believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers will generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that will warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these 49 sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis (other than EarlyBirdCapital as described elsewhere in this prospectus), we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the $10,000 administrative services fee, the repayment of $125,000 of non-interest bearing loans and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers or directors or their affiliates. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination Subject to the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: • financial condition and results of operation; • growth potential; • brand recognition and potential; • experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; • capital requirements; • competitive position; • barriers to entry; • stage of development of the products, processes or services; • existing distribution and potential for expansion; • degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; • proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; • impact of regulation on the business; • regulatory environment of the industry; • costs associated with effecting the business combination; • industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and • macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 50 These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. Fair Market Value of Target Business The target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80% threshold. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of trust account balance test. In order to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. Lack of Business Diversification We expect to complete only a single business combination. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries 51 or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: • subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and • result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business’ Management Although we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business’ management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. In the case of a tender 52 offer, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. In either case, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait 18 months from the closing of this offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. Our initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. None of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or ordinary shares in this offering or from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or to convert their shares, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote or increase the likelihood of satisfying the necessary closing conditions to such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock. Conversion Rights At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their ordinary shares to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to this offering or purchased by them in this offering or in the aftermarket. We may require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion rights prior to the 53 consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to shareholders. Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to shareholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time the shareholder received our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the shareholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in “street name,” in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled “ In connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require shareholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights ” for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. Any request to convert such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. Liquidation if No Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provided that we will have only 18 months from the closing of this offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 18-month period (or such longer period that our shareholders may approve), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us for our tax obligations, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, seek to dissolve and liquidate subject to our obligations under BVI law to provide for claims of creditors in all cases subject to and the other requirements of applicable law. This redemption of public shares from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary winding up, although at all times subject to the Companies Act. Following the redemption of public shares, we intend to enter “voluntary liquidation” which is the statutory process for formally closing and dissolving a company under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Given that we intend to enter voluntary liquidation following the redemption of public shareholders from the trust account, we do not expect that the voluntary liquidation process will cause any delay to the payment of redemption proceeds from our trust account. In connection with such a voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice to creditors inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a public advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands and in at least one newspaper circulating in the location where we have our principal place of business, and taking any other steps the liquidator considers appropriate to identify our creditors, after which our remaining assets would be distributed. As soon as our affairs are fully wound-up, the liquidator must complete his statement of account and make a notificational filing with the Registrar. We would be dissolved once the Registrar issues a Certificate of Dissolution. 54 Our initial shareholders, which include our independent directors, have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering. However, if our initial shareholders or management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month time period. Our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to a number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our initial shareholders, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights or warrants which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 18-month time period. We will pay the costs of our liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. However, the liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors’ claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the BVI court which, if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some or all of our remaining assets. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than $10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, MCP V — Bushwick LLC has contractually agreed pursuant to a written agreement with us that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. We believe MCP V — Bushwick LLC has sufficient net worth to satisfy its indemnity obligation should it arise, however we cannot assure you it will have sufficient liquid assets to satisfy such obligations if it 55 is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement entered into by MCP V — Bushwick LLC specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, we cannot assure you that the per-share distribution from the trust account, if we liquidate the trust account because we have not completed a business combination within the required time period, will not be less than $10.00. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and MCP V — Bushwick LLC asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against MCP V — Bushwick LLC to enforce such indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf to enforce these indemnification obligations, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per share. If we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act (i.e., (i) we fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under Section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands court in favor of a creditor of ours is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of our liabilities exceeds its assets, or the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due), then there are very limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a “voidable transaction” for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would include, for these purposes, a payment made as “unfair preferences” or a “transaction at an undervalue”. A liquidator appointed over an insolvent company who considers that a particular transaction or payment is a voidable transaction under the Insolvency Act could apply to a British Virgin Islands courts for an order setting aside that payment or transaction in whole or in part. See the section titled “ British Virgin Islands Company Considerations — Voidable Transactions ” for more information. Additionally, if we enter insolvent liquidation under the Insolvency Act, the funds held in our trust account will likely be included in our estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account you may not be able to return to our public shareholders the liquidation amounts due them. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to the consummation of an initial business combination or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights and followed the procedures described above and as detailed in the applicable proxy or tender offer materials. Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our shareholders. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect our public shareholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, we will provide public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote. This conversion right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our initial shareholders, any executive 56 officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any founders’ shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: • we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; • we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination; • if our initial business combination is not consummated within 18 months from the closing of this offering, then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter seek to liquidate and dissolve our company; • upon the consummation of this offering, $42,500,000, or $48,875,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, shall be placed into the trust account; and • prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the ordinary shares sold in this offering on an initial business combination. COMPETITION In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: • our obligation to seek shareholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; • our obligation to convert or repurchase ordinary shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; • our obligation to pay EarlyBirdCapital an aggregate fee of 4.0% of the gross proceeds of this offering upon consummation of our initial business combination; and • our outstanding rights, warrants and unit purchase options, and the potential future dilution they represent. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 57 FACILITIES We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 499 Park Ave, 12 th Floor, New York, NY 10022. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP, affiliate of Jeffrey Schwarz, will charge us for general and administrative services commencing on the date of this prospectus pursuant to a letter agreement between us and Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that the fee charged by Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. EMPLOYEES We currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire has been located, management will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believes is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. PERIODIC REPORTING AND AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS As of the date of this prospectus, we have registered our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants under the Exchange Act. Consequently, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. We may be required to have our internal control procedures audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus. COMPARISON TO OFFERINGS OF BLANK CHECK COMPANIES SUBJECT TO RULE 419 The following table compares and contrasts the terms of our offering and the terms of an offering of blank check companies under Rule 419 promulgated by the SEC assuming that the gross proceeds, underwriting discounts and underwriting expenses for the Rule 419 offering are the same as this offering and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the terms of a Rule 419 offering will apply to this offering because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact. 58 Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Escrow of offering proceeds $42,500,000 of the net offering proceeds including the $2,062,500 we will receive from the sale of the private warrants will be deposited into a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. $37,293,750 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account. Investment of net proceeds The $42,500,000 of net offering proceeds including the $2,062,500 we will receive from the sale of the private warrants held in trust will only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States. Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. We would be restricted from acquiring a target business unless the fair value of such business or net assets to be acquired represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds. Trading of securities issued The units may commence trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The ordinary shares, rights and warrants comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 90 th day after the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if such option is exercised prior to the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the initial filing of such No trading of the units or the underlying ordinary shares, rights and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account. 59 Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Current Report on Form 8-K, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise and consummation of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. has allowed separate trading of the ordinary shares, rights and warrants prior to the 90 th day after the date of this prospectus. Exercise of the warrants The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of the completion of a business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed. The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account. Election to remain an investor We will either (1) give our shareholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their ordinary shares to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less taxes. If we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each shareholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement. A prospectus containing information required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company, in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment, to decide whether he or she elects to remain a shareholder of the company or require the return of his or her investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45 th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account would automatically be returned to the shareholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all of the deposited funds in the escrow account must be returned to all investors and none of the securities will be issued. Business combination deadline Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering, it will trigger the commencement of our winding up, dissolution and liquidation. If an acquisition has not been consummated within 18 months after the effective date of the initial registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account would be returned to investors. 60 Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Interest earned on the funds in the trust account There can be released to us, from time to time, any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we may need to pay our tax obligations. The remaining interest earned on the funds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. All interest earned on the funds in the trust account will be held in trust for the benefit of public shareholders until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. Release of funds Except for interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination (in which case, the proceeds released to us will be net of the funds used to pay converting or tendering shareholders, as the trustee will directly send the appropriate portion of the amount held in trust to the converting or tendering shareholders at the time of the business combination) and the liquidation of our trust account upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. The proceeds held in the escrow account would not be released to the company until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. 61 MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position Jeffrey E. Schwarz 59 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Greg Drechsler 49 Chief Financial Officer Rune Magnus Lundetrae 41 Director Ajay Khandelwal 46 Director Jeffrey E. Schwarz has served as our Chief Executive Officer since our inception. Mr. Schwarz is the co-founder of Metropolitan Capital Advisors, Inc., a New York-based money management firm founded in 1992. Mr. Schwarz served as Metropolitan’s Chief Investment Officer from the firm’s inception until his retirement in 2012. Since 2012, Mr. Schwarz has served as the Managing Member of Metropolitan Capital Partners V LLC, the investment vehicle of the Schwarz family office. Mr. Schwarz serves as the Co-Chairman of the Board of Bogen Corporation, a telecommunications equipment provider. He also serves as the Co-Chairman of the Board of Bogen Communications International Inc., which is the ultimate corporate parent of Speech Design GmbH, a global provider of messaging services to telecom carriers. Mr. Schwarz previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Molopo Energy Ltd., an Australian Stock Exchange listed, Calgary, Alberta-based oil and gas exploration and production company, and as a member of the Board of Directors of Cyberonics Inc., a NASDAQ listed medical device company. Mr. Schwarz received a BS in Economics (Summa Cum Laude) and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Schwarz is well-qualified to serve as a director due to his contacts and business experience. Greg Drechsler has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception. Since 2007, Mr. Drechsler has served as Controller and Chief Financial Officer of Metropolitan Capital Advisors, Inc. Mr. Drechsler has also served as Chief Financial Officer of Metropolitan Capital Partners V LLC since April 2016. From 2001 to 2007, Mr. Drechsler held various financial management positions at Johnson & Johnson World Headquarters and its Veridex oncology diagnostics unit. In 2000, Mr. Drechsler served as Vice President of Administration at Homes.com. From 1994 to 2000, he served as Vice President of Mergers & Acquisitions and Manager of Financial Analysis at Cendant. Mr. Drechsler received a BS in Accounting (Summa Cum Laude) from Villanova University. He earned his CPA while working as a Senior Auditor from 1991 to 1994 at Deloitte & Touche, LLP. Rune Magnus Lundetrae has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2018. Since December 2016, Mr. Lundetrae has served as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Borr Drilling Ltd., the world’s largest premium jack-up rig operator. From August 2015 to December 2016, Mr. Lundetrae was a Managing Director and Head of Oil Services of DNB Markets, the investment banking subsidiary of DNB, Norway’s largest financial services group. From 2012 to June 2015, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Seadrill Ltd, the world’s largest offshore driller. From 2010 to 2011, Mr. Lundetrae served as Chief Financial Officer of Scorpion Offshore, an international offshore drilling company based in Houston, Texas and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. Mr. Lundetrae began his career with KPMG Stavanger, an auditing firm. Mr. Lundetrae received a BA in Business Administration from the University of Newcastle Upon Tyne, a M.Sc in IS Management from the London School of Economics and a M.Sc of Accounting and Finance from the Norwegian School of Economics. He is qualified as a CPA in Norway. We believe Mr. Lundetrae is well qualified to serve as a director due to his contacts and business experience. Ajay Khandelwal has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2018. Mr. Khandelwal has more than 20 years of diverse experience in multinational corporations in the energy and infrastructure sectors across India, the Middle East, Europe and the United States. Since December 2017, Mr. Khandelwal has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Chi Energie Private Limited, an Indian-based company seeking to broaden the access of Indian energy consumers (including industrial/commercial, city gas distribution (CGD) and heavy vehicle/buses transportation customers) to LNG. From 2013 to September 2017, Mr. Khandelwal served as President (Petroleum and Production) of Reliance Industries Limited, one of India’s largest oil companies. From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Khandelwal served as Chief Executive Officer of Jubilant Energy, an oil and gas export and production 62 company based in India. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Khandelwal served as an investment advisor to the family office of John Fredriksen, one of the world’s largest owners of shipping and oilfield services businesses, where he guided the investments of nine private equity funds in the U.S., Europe and Asia. From 2001 to 2006, Mr. Khandelwal served in several positions with Shell International, most recently as Lead Investment Finance Advisor, focusing on LNG business development and upstream M&A. Mr. Khandelwal received an electrical engineering degree from Victoria Jubilee Technical Institute in Mumbai and a M.B.A. from Cranfield School of Management in the United Kingdom. We believe Mr. Khandelwal is well qualified to serve as a director due to his contacts and business experience. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Lundetrae, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Khandelwal, will expire at the second annual meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Schwarz, will expire at the third annual meeting. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of this prospectus through the acquisition of a target business, we will pay Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP, an affiliate of Jeffrey Schwarz, a fee of $10,000 per month for providing us with general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and bookkeeping services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our executive officers or directors compensation in lieu of a salary. Other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee and the repayment of $125,000 of non-interest bearing loans made to us by Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our initial shareholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our board has determined that each of Messrs. Lundetrae and Khandelwal is an “independent director” under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 63 AUDIT COMMITTEE Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors, which will initially consist of Messrs. Lundetrae and Khandelwal, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq listing standards. Pursuant to Nasdaq’s phase-in rules for newly listed companies, we have one year from the date on which we are first listed on Nasdaq to have our audit committee be comprised of three members. We intend to identify one additional independent director to serve on the audit committee within the applicable time period. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: • reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; • discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; • discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; • monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; • verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; • reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; • inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; • pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; • appointing or replacing the independent auditor; • determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; • establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and • approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. FINANCIAL EXPERTS ON AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of “independent directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under Nasdaq’s listing standards. In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Mr. Lundetrae qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. NOMINATING COMMITTEE Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish a nominating committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Messrs. Lundetrae and Khandelwal, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 64 Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: • should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; • should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and • should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. The Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Messrs. Lundetrae and Khandelwal, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: • reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; • reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; • reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; • implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; • assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; • approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; • if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and • reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. CODE OF ETHICS Effective upon consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 65 CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Potential investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: • None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. • In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations to such entities (as well as to us) and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. • Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. • The founders’ shares owned by our officers and directors, like the founders’ shares owned by our other initial shareholders, will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from the trust account with respect to any of their founders’ shares whether or not we complete a business combination. Furthermore, our initial shareholders have agreed that the private warrants will not be sold or transferred by them until after we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after this offering and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which may only be repaid from the trust account if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial interests of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares. Under British Virgin Islands law, the directors owe fiduciary duties at both common law and under statute, including a statutory duty to act honestly, in good faith and with a view to the company’s best interests. When exercising powers or performing duties as a director, the director shall exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the circumstances taking into account, without limitation the nature of the company; the nature of the decision; and the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. In exercising the powers of a director, the directors shall exercise their powers for a proper purpose and shall not act or agree to the company acting in a manner that contravenes our memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act. In certain circumstances, a shareholder has the right to seek various remedies against the company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies Act. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Act, if a company or director of a company engages in, or proposes to engage in or has engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles of association of the company, a British Virgin Islands court may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles of association. Furthermore, pursuant to Section 184(I)(1) of the Companies Act, a shareholder of a company who considers that the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been, or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to a British Virgin Islands court for an order under Section 184(I)(1) of the Companies Act. If the court considers it just and equitable to do so, it can make an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders. As a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, each of our officers and directors has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations to other businesses of which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary or contractual 66 obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary or contractual obligations subject to his fiduciary duties under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Accordingly, it is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities subject to his fiduciary duties under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations he might have and his fiduciary duties under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company subject to his fiduciary duties under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our officers and directors have also agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. The following table summarizes the other relevant pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: Name of Individual Name of Affiliated Entity Position at Affiliated Entity Jeffrey E. Schwarz Bogen Corporation Co-Chairman of the Board Bogen Communications International Inc. Co-Chairman of the Board Rune Magnus Lundetrae Borr Drilling Ltd. Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Ajay Khandelwal Chi Energie Private Limited Chief Executive Officer To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial shareholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the $10,000 administrative services fee and the repayment of $125,000 of non-interest bearing loans and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. 67 PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this prospectus and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our ordinary shares included in the units offered by this prospectus (assuming none of the individuals listed purchase units in this offering), by: • each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares; • each of our officers and directors; and • all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the units offered by this prospectus or the private warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus. Prior to Offering After Offering (2) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares Jeffrey E. Schwarz 1,020,625 (2) 83.5 % 886,750 (2) 16.5 % Greg Drechsler 20,000 1.6 % 20,000 * Rune Magnus Lundetrae 15,000 1.2 % 15,000 * Ajay Khandelwal 15,000 1.2 % 15,000 * HL Acquisitions Holdings LLC (3) 567,811 46.5 % 436,750 8.1 % Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC (3) 362,814 29.7 % 360,000 6.7 % Jeffrey Schwarz Children’s Trust (3) 90,000 7.4 % 90,000 1.7 % All directors and executive officers as a group (four individuals) 1,070,625 (4) 87.6 % 936,750 (4) 17.4 % ____________ * Less than 1%. (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 499 Park Ave, 12 th Floor, New York, NY 10022. (2) Represents shares held by HL Acquisitions Holdings LLC, an entity of which Mr. Schwarz is managing member, Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Schwarz, and the Jeffrey Schwarz Children’s Trust, a trust for the benefit of Mr. Schwarz’s children. (3) Mr. Schwarz has voting and dispositive power over the shares held by these entities. Mr. Schwarz disclaims beneficial interest of such securities except to the extent of his ultimate pecuniary interest therein. (4) Includes shares held by HL Acquisitions Holdings LLC, Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC and the Jeffrey Schwarz Children’s Trust of which Mr. Schwarz has voting and dispositive power over as described in footnote 3. Immediately after this offering, our initial shareholders will beneficially own approximately 19.7% of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares (assuming they do not purchase any units offered by this prospectus). None of our initial shareholders, officers and directors has indicated to us that it or they intend to purchase our securities in the offering. Because of the ownership block held by our initial shareholders, officers and directors, such individuals may be able to effectively exercise influence over all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of the over-allotment option, an aggregate of 159,375 founders’ shares will be forfeited. Only a number of shares necessary to maintain the 20% ownership interest in our ordinary shares after giving effect to the offering and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option (without giving effect to ownership of the Representative Shares and assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering) will be necessary. All of the founders’ shares outstanding prior to the date of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent, until (1) with respect to 50% of the founders’ 68 shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares, one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Up to 159,375 of the founders’ shares may also be released from escrow earlier than this date for cancellation if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full as described above. During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our initial shareholders, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to an initial shareholder’s members upon its liquidation, (iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, by private sales at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions. The holders will retain all other rights as our shareholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their ordinary shares and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in ordinary shares, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founders’ shares. Our initial shareholders have committed that they or their designees will purchase the private warrants (for a total purchase price of $2,062,500) from us. These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. Our initial shareholders have also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they or their designees will purchase from us an additional number of private warrants (up to a maximum of 159,375 private warrants, for a total of 2,221,875 private warrants, or a total purchase price of $2,221,875, if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant necessary to maintain in the trust account $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, in each case so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the private warrants will be worthless. The purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private warrants and underlying securities (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the founders’ shares may be transferred as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial shareholders, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Our executive officer and directors, and Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, are our “promoters,” as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. 69 CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS In March 2018, we issued 1,221,875 ordinary shares to our initial shareholders for $25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately $0.02 per share, in connection with our organization. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, our initial shareholders will forfeit up to an aggregate of 159,375 ordinary shares in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was not exercised. If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share dividend or a contribution back to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our initial shareholders’ ownership at a percentage of the number of shares to be sold in this offering. All of the founders’ shares outstanding prior to the date of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent, until (1) with respect to 50% of the founders’ shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares, one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The founders’ shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering. However, the holders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to convert any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or any amendment to our charter documents prior to consummation of an initial business combination or sell any shares to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination and (C) that the founders’ shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the trust account upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Our initial shareholders have committed that they or their designees will purchase, pursuant to written subscription agreements with us, the 2,062,500 private warrants (for a total purchase price of $2,062,500) from us. This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. Our initial shareholders have also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, they or their designees will purchase from us at a price of $1.00 per private warrant an additional number of private warrants (up to a maximum of 159,375 private warrants, for a total of 2,221,875 private warrants, or a total purchase price of $2,221,875, if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) necessary to maintain in the trust account $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, in each case so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the private warrants will be worthless. The purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private warrants and underlying securities (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the founders’ shares may be transferred as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. In the event that the initial business 70 combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private warrants and warrants issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. We issued an unsecured promissory note to Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC, one of our initial shareholders and an affiliate of Jeffrey E. Schwarz, our Chief Executive Officer, on March 21, 2018, pursuant to which we may borrow up to aggregate principal amount of $125,000. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) April 1, 2019, (ii) the consummation of this offering or (iii) the abandonment of this offering. If the offering is consummated, the loan will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering not being placed in trust. Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP, an affiliate of Jeffrey Schwarz, has agreed that, commencing on the effective date of this prospectus through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and bookkeeping services, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP $10,000 per month for these services. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that the fee charged by Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. Other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee and the repayment of $125,000 of non-interest bearing loans described above, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our initial shareholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 71 RELATED PARTY POLICY Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. 72 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES GENERAL Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be adopted prior to the date of this prospectus, we will be authorized to issue 100,000,000 ordinary shares, no par value, and 1,000,000 preference shares, no par value. As of the date of this prospectus, 1,221,875 ordinary shares are outstanding. No preference shares are currently outstanding. The following description summarizes the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the form of warrant agreement, which are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and to the applicable provisions of BVI law. UNITS Each unit consists of one ordinary share, one right and one redeemable warrant. Each right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon consummation of a business combination. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share. The ordinary shares, rights and warrants will begin to trade separately on the 90 th day after the date of this prospectus unless EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided that in no event may the ordinary shares, rights and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering. Once the ordinary shares, rights and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet promptly upon the consummation of this offering. The audited balance sheet will reflect proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K information indicating if EarlyBirdCapital has allowed separate trading of the ordinary shares, rights and warrants prior to the 90 th day after the date of this prospectus. ORDINARY SHARES Our shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective ordinary shares owned by them immediately prior to this offering and any shares purchased in this offering or following this offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if a vote is held to approve a business combination, a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings or elect directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate a business combination by 18 months from the consummation of this offering, we will redeem 100% of the public shares sold in this offering. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution from the trust account with respect to their founders’ shares upon our winding up, dissolution and liquidation. They 73 will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to any ordinary shares acquired in, or following, this offering. Our shareholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that public shareholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their ordinary shares converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination in connection with such business combination and the business combination is completed. Public shareholders who sell or convert their stock into their share of the trust account still have the right to exercise the warrants that they received as part of the units. Under the Companies Act, our ordinary shares are deemed to be issued when the name of the shareholder is entered in our register of members. Our register of members will be maintained by our transfer agent Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, which will enter the name of Cede & Co. in our register of members on the closing of this offering as nominee for each of the respective shareholders. If (a) information that is required to be entered in the register of members is omitted from the register or is inaccurately entered in the register, or (b) there is unreasonable delay in entering information in the register, a shareholder of the company, or any person who is aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy or delay, may apply to a British Virgin Islands courts for an order that the register be rectified, and the court may either refuse the application or order the rectification of the register, and may direct the company to pay all costs of the application and any damages the applicant may have sustained. At any general meeting on a show of hands every ordinary shareholder who is present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being an entity, by its duly authorized representative) or by proxy will have one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Voting at any meeting of the ordinary shareholders is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. A poll may be demanded by shareholders present in person or by proxy if the shareholder disputes the outcome of the vote on a proposed resolution and the chairman shall cause a poll to be taken. Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the rights attaching to ordinary shares (including those provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our ordinary shareholders) may only be amended by a resolution of persons holding 65% (or 50% if approved in connection with our initial business combination) of our outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting on such amendment. Other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association may be amended prior to the consummation of our initial business combination if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Following the consummation of, or in connection with, our initial business combination, the rights and obligations attaching to our ordinary shares and other provisions of our memorandum and articles of association may be amended if approved by a majority of the votes of shareholders attending and voting on such amendment or by resolution of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor in accordance with the laws of the British Virgin Islands. We do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination (unless otherwise required by Nasdaq). Therefore, if our shareholders want us to hold a meeting prior to such consummation, they may requisition the directors to hold one upon the written request of members entitled to exercise at least 30 percent of the voting rights in respect of the matter for which the meeting is requested. Under British Virgin Islands law, we may not increase the required percentage to call a meeting above such 30 percent level. PREFERENCE SHARES There are no preference shares outstanding. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 preference shares with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. No preference shares are being issued or registered in this offering. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue preference shares with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of ordinary shares. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preference shares which participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which votes as a class with the ordinary shares on a business combination. We may issue some or all of the preference shares to effect a business combination. In addition and subject always to applicable law, the preference 74 shares could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. Under the Companies Act there are no provisions which specifically prevent the issuance of preferred shares or any such other “poison pill” measures. Our memorandum and articles of association also do not contain any express prohibitions on the issuance of any preferred shares. Therefore, the directors, without the approval of the holders of ordinary shares, may issue preferred shares that have characteristics that may be deemed anti-takeover. Additionally, such a designation of shares may be used in connection with plans that are poison pill plans. However, as noted above under the Companies Act, a director in the exercise of his powers and performance of his duties is required to act honestly and in good faith in what the director believes to be the best interests of the company and shall exercise his powers as a director for a proper purpose. RIGHTS Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such right converted all ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination activities. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares upon consummation of an initial business combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in this offering. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours) since the issuance of the shares underlying the rights will either be registered under an effective registration statement on Form S-4 (in the case where we are not the surviving entity) or be exempt from registration pursuant to an applicable exemption such as the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) (in the case where we are the surviving entity). The number of ordinary shares that the holders of rights are entitled to receive upon consummation of a business combination shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split, reverse share split, share dividend, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the ordinary shares occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the consummation of a business combination. The rights will be issued in registered form under a rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent, and us. The rights agreement provides that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding rights in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the 1/10 of a share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination. More specifically, each holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the rights into their underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. There is no length of time within which an investor must affirmatively elect to convert the rights. However, until a holder affirmatively elects to convert its rights, the right certificates held by such holder will not represent the ordinary shares they are convertible for but instead will simply represent the right to receive such ordinary shares. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Because we will only issue a whole number of shares, you will not receive any fractional shares to the extent the number of rights held by you upon consummation of our initial business combination is not divisible by ten. 75 WARRANTS No warrants are currently outstanding. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The private warrants, as well as any warrants we issue to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be identical to the warrants underlying the units being offered by this prospectus except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants and any warrants issued to our initial shareholders, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, • at any time after the warrants become exercisable, • upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, • if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and • if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants. The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 76 The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we would need approval from the holders of only 1,093,751, or approximately 25.7%, of the public warrants to amend the terms of the warrants (assuming the holders of the private warrants voted in favor of such amendment). The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% of the ordinary shares outstanding. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. DIVIDENDS We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will, subject to the laws of the British Virgin Islands, be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. OUR TRANSFER AGENT AND WARRANT AGENT The transfer agent for our securities, rights agent for our rights and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 1 State Street Plaza, New York, New York 10004. LISTING OF OUR SECURITIES We have applied to have our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “HCCHU,” “HCCH,” “HCCHR” and “HCCHW,” respectively. If approved for listing, we anticipate that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date the ordinary shares, rights and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the ordinary shares, rights and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq. 77 BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS COMPANY CONSIDERATIONS Our corporate affairs are governed by our memorandum and articles of association and the provisions of applicable British Virgin Islands law, including the Companies Act. The Companies Act differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of some significant differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. A brief discussion of certain other provisions of the Companies Act and British Virgin Islands law also follows. We cannot predict whether British Virgin Islands courts would reach the same conclusions based on a particular set of facts as the U.S. courts would be expected to reach. Thus, you may have more difficulty in protecting your interests in the face of actions by the management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a United States jurisdiction, which has developed a substantial body of case law. The following table provides a comparison between the statutory provisions of the Companies Act and the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to shareholders’ rights. Unless otherwise noted, the following reflects the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be adopted as of the date of this prospectus. British Virgin Islands Delaware Shareholder Meetings · Held at a time and place as determined by the directors · May be held at such time or place as designated in the charter or the bylaws, or if not so designated, as determined by the board of directors · May be held within or outside the British Virgin Islands · May be held within or without Delaware · Notice: · Notice: A copy of the notice of any meeting shall be given not fewer than ten (10) days before the date of the proposed meeting to those persons whose names appear in the register of members on the date the notice is given and are entitled to vote at the meeting. Whenever shareholders are required to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and the means of remote communication, if any Shareholders’ Voting Rights · Any person authorized to vote may be represented at a meeting by a proxy who may speak and vote on behalf of the shareholder. · Any person authorized to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy · Quorum is fixed by our memorandum and articles of association, to consist of the holder or holders present in person or by proxy entitled to exercise at least 50 percent of the voting rights of the shares of each class or series of shares entitled to vote as a class or series thereon. · For stock corporations, the charter or bylaws may specify the number to constitute a quorum but in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one-third of shares entitled to vote at a meeting. In the absence of such specifications, a majority of shares shall constitute a quorum Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to any shares, at any general meeting on a show of hands every shareholder who is present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being a corporation, by its duly authorized representative) or by proxy shall have one vote and on a poll every shareholder present in person (or, in the case of a shareholder being a corporation, by its duly appointed representative) or by proxy shall have one vote for each share which such shareholder is the holder. Voting at any meeting of the shareholders is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. A poll may be For non-stock companies, the charter or bylaws may specify the number of shareholders to constitute a quorum. In the absence of this, one-third of the shareholders shall constitute a quorum 78 British Virgin Islands Delaware demanded by shareholders present in person or by proxy if the shareholder disputes the outcome of the vote on a proposed resolution and the chairman shall cause a poll to be taken. Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, changes in the rights attaching to the ordinary shares as set forth in the memorandum and articles of association require approval by way of resolution of not less than 65% (or 50% if for the purposes of approving, or in connection with, the consummation of our initial business combination) of those outstanding ordinary shares attending the meeting and voting in respect of such resolution, following the consummation of our initial business combination, changes in the rights attaching to the ordinary shares require the approval by way of resolution of only a majority of those outstanding ordinary shares attending at the meeting and voting in respect of such resolution. Except as provided in the charter documents, changes in the rights of shareholders as set forth in the charter documents require approval of a majority of its shareholders The rights attaching to the preferred shares may be changed by way of a resolution of a majority of the votes attending and voting at the relevant meeting or class meeting. However, in the case of both the ordinary shares and the preferred shares, the above is subject to any greater majority is required under our memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act, provided that that for these purposes the creation, designation or issue of preferred shares with rights and privileges ranking in priority to an existing class of shares shall be deemed not to be a variation of the rights of such existing class. Cumulative voting in the election of directors is not provided for. The certificate of incorporation may provide for cumulative voting If we decide to seek shareholder approval in respect of the consummation of our initial business combination, such approval may be by a majority vote of shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the general meeting Approval of our initial business combination may be by a majority of outstanding shares if such transaction involves the merger of such entity All other matters to be decided upon by the shareholders require a majority vote of shareholders who being so entitled attend and vote at the general meeting, unless the Companies Act requires a higher majority. Our memorandum and articles of association also may be amended by resolution of directors, including to create the rights, preferences, designations and limitations attaching to any blank check preferred shares. Directors Board must consist of at least one director Board must consist of at least one member Maximum and minimum number of directors can be changed by an amendment to the articles of association, with such amendment being passed by a resolution of shareholders or a resolution of directors Number of board members shall be fixed by the bylaws, unless the charter fixes the number of directors, in which case a change in the number shall be made only by amendment of the charter 79 British Virgin Islands Delaware Directors are appointed for three year staggered terms by the shareholders (as described under “Directors” below). However, the directors may by resolution appoint a replacement director to fill a casual vacancy arising on the resignation, disqualification or death of a director. The replacement director will then hold office until the next annual general meeting at which the director he replaces would have been subject to retirement by rotation. Directors do not have to be independent under our memorandum and articles of association, a director may not be removed from office by a resolution of our shareholders prior to the consummation of our business combination. Directors do not have to be independent Fiduciary Duties Directors and officers owe fiduciary duties at both common law and under statute which include, without limitation, the following: Directors and officers must act in good faith, with the care of a prudent person, and in the best interest of the corporation. Duty to act honestly and in good faith in what the directors believe to be in the best interests of the company; Directors and officers must refrain from self-dealing, usurping corporate opportunities and receiving improper personal benefits. Duty to exercise powers for a proper purpose and directors shall not act, or agree to act, in a matter that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum and articles of association; Decisions made by directors and officers on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action was taken in the best interest of the corporation will generally be protected by the “business judgment rule.” Duty to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the circumstances taking into account, without limitation: (a) the nature of the company; (b) the nature of the decision; and (c) the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. So long as a director has disclosed any interests in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company to the board he/she may: Directors may vote on a matter in which they have an interest so long as the director has disclosed any interests in the transaction. vote on a matter relating to the transaction; attend a meeting of directors at which a matter relating to the transaction arises and be included among the directors present at the meeting for the purposes of a quorum; and sign a document on behalf of the company, or do any other thing in his capacity as a director, that relates to the transaction. 80 As noted above, the Companies Act differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of some of the significant provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. The Companies Act provides for mergers as that expression is understood under United States corporate law. Under the Companies Act, two or more companies may either merge into one of such existing companies (the “surviving company”) or consolidate with both existing companies ceasing to exist and forming a new company (the “consolidated company”). The procedure for a merger or consolidation between the company and another company (which need not be a BVI company, and which may be the company’s parent or subsidiary, but need not be) is set out in the Companies Act. The directors of the BVI company or BVI companies which are to merge or consolidate must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation which, with the exception of a merger between a parent company and its subsidiary, must also be approved by a resolution of the shareholders passed in accordance with the memorandum and articles of the relevant BVI company. In respect of any such resolution of shareholders, (a) the outstanding shares of every class of shares that are entitled to vote on the merger or consolidation as a class, if the memorandum or articles so provide, or, if the plan of merger or consolidation contains any provisions that, if contained in a proposed amendment to the memorandum or articles, would entitle the class to vote on the proposed amendment as a class; (b) if the resolution of shareholders is to be passed by way of a meeting of the shareholders, notice of the meeting, accompanied by a copy of the plan of merger or consolidation, shall be given to each shareholder, whether or not entitled to vote on the merger or consolidation; and (c) if the resolution of shareholders is to be passed by way of written consent, a copy of the plan of merger or consolidation shall be given to each member, whether or not entitled to consent to the plan of merger or consolidation. A foreign company which is able under the laws of its foreign jurisdiction to participate in the merger or consolidation is required by the Companies Act to comply with the laws of that foreign jurisdiction in relation to the merger or consolidation. Each company participating in the merger or consolidation must then execute articles of merger or consolidation, containing certain prescribed details. The plan and articles of merger or consolidation are then filed with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands. The Registrar then registers the articles of merger or consolidation and any amendment to the memorandum and articles of the surviving company in a merger or the memorandum and articles of association of the new consolidated company in a consolidation and issue a certificate of merger or consolidation (which is conclusive evidence of compliance with all requirements of the Companies Act in respect of the merger or consolidation). In the case of a merger or consolidation where the surviving company or constituent company is to be incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, the merger or consolidation is effective on the date that the articles of merger are registered with the Registrar or on such subsequent date, not exceeding thirty days, as is stated in the articles of merger or consolidation. As soon as a merger or consolidation becomes effective: (a) the surviving company or consolidated company (so far as is consistent with its memorandum and articles of association, as amended or established by the articles of merger or consolidation) has all rights, privileges, immunities, powers, objects and purposes of each of the constituent companies; (b) in the case of a merger, the memorandum and articles of association of the surviving company are automatically amended to the extent, if any, that changes to its amended memorandum and articles of association are contained in the articles of merger, (c) in the case of a consolidation, the memorandum and articles of association filed with the articles of consolidation are the memorandum and articles of the consolidated company; (d) assets of every description, including choses-in-action and the business of each of the constituent companies, immediately vest in the surviving company or consolidated company; (e) the surviving company or consolidated company is liable for all claims, debts, liabilities and obligations of each of the constituent companies. Where a merger or consolidation occurs, (a) no conviction, judgment, ruling, order, claim, debt, liability or obligation due or to become due, and no cause existing, against a constituent company or against any member, director, officer or agent thereof, is released or impaired by the merger or consolidation; and (b) no proceedings, whether civil or criminal, pending at the time of a merger by or against a constituent company, or against any member, director, officer or agent thereof, are abated or discontinued by the merger or consolidation; but: (i) the proceedings may be enforced, prosecuted, settled or compromised by or against the surviving company or consolidated company or against the member, director, officer or agent thereof; as the case may be; or (ii) the surviving company or consolidated company may be substituted in the proceedings for a constituent company. Where the surviving company or the consolidated company is to be incorporated under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the British Virgin Islands, it shall file: (a) an agreement that a service of process may be effected on it in the British Virgin Islands in respect of proceedings for the enforcement of any claim, debt, liability or obligation of a constituent company that is registered under the Companies Act or in respect of proceedings for the enforcement of the rights 81 of a dissenting member of a constituent company that is a company registered under the Companies Act against the surviving company or the consolidated company, (b) an irrevocable appointment of its registered agent as its agent to accept service of process in proceedings referred to in (a), (c) an agreement that it will promptly pay to the dissenting members of a constituent company that is a company registered under the Companies Act the amount, if any, to which they are entitled under the Companies Act with respect to the rights of dissenting members; and (d) a certificate of merger or consolidation issued by the appropriate authority of the foreign jurisdiction where it is incorporated; or, if no certificate of merger or consolidation is issued by the appropriate authority of the foreign jurisdiction, then, such evidence of the merger or consolidation as the Registrar of the British Virgin Islands considers acceptable. In the case of a merger or consolidation where the surviving company or the consolidated company is to be incorporated under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the British Virgin Islands, the merger or consolidation is effective as provided by the laws of such jurisdiction. The Registrar shall strike off the register of companies each constituent company that is not the surviving company in the case of a merger and all constituent companies which participate in a consolidation. If the directors determine it to be in the best interests of the company, it is also possible for a merger to be approved as a court approved plan of arrangement or scheme of arrangement in accordance with the Companies Act. However, we do not anticipate the use of such statutory provisions because we expect the required terms of the initial business combination will be capable of being achieved through other means, such as a merger or consolidation (as described above), a share exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. Directors. Our directors are appointed by our shareholders and are subject to rotational retirement every three years. The initial terms of office of the Class I, Class II and Class III directors have been staggered over a period of three years to ensure that all directors of the company do not face reelection in the same year. However, the directors may by resolution appoint a replacement director to fill a casual vacancy arising on the resignation, disqualification or death of a director. The replacement director will then hold office until the next annual general meeting at which the director he replaces would have been subject to retirement by rotation. Under our memorandum and articles of association, a director may not be removed from office by a resolution of our shareholders prior to the consummation of our business combination. There is nothing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands that specifically prohibits or restricts the creation of cumulative voting rights for the election of our directors. Our memorandum and articles of association do not provide for cumulative voting for such elections. There are no share ownership qualifications for directors. Meetings of our board of directors may be convened at any time by any of our directors. A meeting of our board of directors will be quorate if at least a majority of the directors are present or represented by an alternate director. At any meeting of our directors, each director, whether by his or her presence or by his or her alternate, is entitled to one vote. Questions arising at a meeting of our board of directors are required to be decided by simple majority votes of the directors present or represented at the meeting. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second or deciding vote. Our board of directors also may pass resolutions without a meeting by unanimous written consent. Alternate Directors. Our memorandum and articles of association provide that, following the consummation of our initial business combination, each of our directors may appoint an alternate (who need not be another director of the company). The alternate of any director shall be entitled to attend board meetings in the absence of the director who appointed him or her and to vote or give written consent in place of that director until the alternate’s appointment lapses or is terminated (an alternate’s appointment, if it has not already done so, will automatically terminate on his appointor ceasing to be a director). However, a director may not appoint an alternate prior to our initial business combination. Agents. Our board of directors has the power to appoint any person (whether or not a director or other officer of ours) to be an agent of the company. Our memorandum and articles of association provide that an agent of the company shall be able to exercise such powers and authorities of the directors (which may include the power to affix the company’s seal) as the directors may allow when appointing the agent, except that, as stated in our memorandum and articles of association and the Companies Act, no agent shall have be given any power or authority to amend 82 the memorandum or the articles to change the registered office or agent; to fix emoluments of directors; to designate committees of directors; to delegate powers to a committee of directors; to appoint or remove directors; to appoint or remove an agent; to approve a plan of merger, consolidation or arrangement; to make a declaration of solvency or to approve a liquidation plan; to make a determination in connection with a distribution that the company will, immediately after a proposed distribution, satisfy the relevant solvency test; or to authorize the company to continue as a company incorporated under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the British Virgin Islands. When appointing an agent of ours, our directors may authorize the agent to appoint one or more substitutes or delegates to exercise some or all of the powers conferred on the agent. Our directors may remove an agent and may revoke or vary a power conferred on him. Indemnification of Directors. Our memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to certain limitations, we shall indemnify our directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to our best interests and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with a view to our best interests and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful is, in the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved. The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself, create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to our best interests or that the person had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Directors and Conflicts of Interest . Directors must not place themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests. This means that, strictly speaking, a director should not participate in a decision in circumstances where he has a potential conflict. That is, he should declare his interest and abstain. The Companies Act provides that a director “shall, forthwith after becoming aware of the fact that he is interested in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company, disclose the interest to the board of the company”. The failure of a director to so disclose an interest does not affect the validity of a transaction entered into by the director or the company, provided that the director’s interest was disclosed to the board prior to the company’s entry into the transaction or was not required to be disclosed (for example where the transaction is between the company and the director himself or is otherwise in the ordinary course of business and on usual terms and conditions). Typically a company’s memorandum and articles of association will allow a director interested in a particular transaction to vote on it, attend meetings at which it is considered, and sign documents on behalf of the company which relate to the transaction. Under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, a transaction entered into by the company in respect of which a director is interested will not be voidable by the company where the members have approved or ratified the transaction in knowledge of the material facts of the interest of the director in the transaction, or if the company received fair value for the transaction. Broadly speaking, the duties that a director owes to a company may be divided into two categories. The first category encompasses fiduciary duties, that is, the duties of loyalty, honesty and good faith. The second category encompasses duties of skill and care. Each is considered in turn below: A director’s fiduciary duties can be summarized as follows: (a) Bona Fides: The directors must act bona fide in what they consider is in the best interests of the company. (b) Proper Purpose: The directors must exercise the powers that are vested in them for the purpose for which they were conferred and not for a collateral purpose. (c) Unfettered Discretion: Since the powers of the directors are to be exercised by them in trust for the company, they should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion. (d) Conflict of Duty and Interest: as per the above. 83 In addition to their fiduciary duties a director has the duties of care, diligence and skill which are owed to the company itself and not, for example, to individual members (subject to the limited exceptions as to enforcement on behalf of the company). Shareholders’ Suits. In certain circumstances, a shareholder has the right to seek various remedies against a company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies Act. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Act, if a company or director of a company engages in, or proposes to engage in or has engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles of association of the company, a British Virgin Islands court may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles. Furthermore, pursuant to section 184I(1) of the Companies Act a shareholder of a company who considers that the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been, or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to a British Virgin Islands court for an order under Section 184I(1) of the Companies Act. If the court considers it just and equitable to do so, it can make an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders. The Companies Act provides for a series of remedies available to shareholders. Where a company incorporated under the Companies Act conducts some activity that breaches the Act or the company’s memorandum and articles of association, the court can issue a restraining or compliance order. Under the Companies Act, a shareholder of a company may bring an action against a company for breach of a duty owed by the company to him as a shareholder. A shareholder also may, with the permission of a British Virgin Islands court, bring an action or intervene in a matter in the name of the company, in certain circumstances. Such actions are known as derivative actions. As noted above, a British Virgin Islands court may only grant permission to bring a derivative action where the following circumstances apply: • the company does not intend to bring, diligently continue or defend or discontinue proceedings; and • it is in the interests of the company that the conduct of the proceedings not be left to the directors or to the determination of the shareholders as a whole. When considering whether to grant leave, a British Virgin Islands court is also required to have regard to the following matters: • whether the shareholder is acting in good faith; • whether a derivative action is in the company’s best interests, taking into account the directors’ views on commercial matters; • whether the action is likely to proceed; • the costs of the proceedings; and • whether an alternative remedy is available. Member’s Rights Generally. Any member of a company may apply to court for the appointment of a liquidator for the company and the court may appoint a liquidator for the company if it is of the opinion that it is just and equitable to do so. The Act provides that any member of a company is entitled to payment of the fair value of his shares upon dissenting from any of the following: (a) a merger (except in certain limited circumstances); (b) a consolidation; (c) any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or other disposition of more than 50 per cent in value of the assets or business of the company if not made in the usual or regular course of the business carried on by the company but not including (i) a disposition pursuant to an order of the court having jurisdiction in the matter, (ii) a disposition for money on terms requiring all or substantially all net proceeds to be distributed to the members in accordance with their respective interest within one year after the date of disposition, or (iii) a transfer pursuant to the power of the directors to transfer assets for the protection thereof; (d) a redemption of 10 per cent, or fewer of the issued shares of the company required by the holders of 90 per cent, or more of the shares of the company pursuant to the terms of the Act; and (e) an arrangement, if permitted by the court. 84 Generally any other claims against a company by its members must be based on the general laws of contract or tort applicable in the British Virgin Islands or their individual rights as members as established by the company’s memorandum and articles of association. Compulsory Acquisition. Under the Companies Act, subject to any limitations in a company’s memorandum or articles, shareholders holding 90% of the votes of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, and shareholders holding 90% of the votes of the outstanding shares of each class of shares entitled to vote, may give a written instruction to the company directing the company to redeem the shares held by the remaining shareholders. Upon receipt of such written instruction, the company shall redeem the shares specified in the written instruction, irrespective of whether or not the shares are by their terms redeemable. The company shall give written notice to each shareholder whose shares are to be redeemed stating the redemption price and the manner in which the redemption is to be effected. A shareholder whose shares are to be so redeemed is entitled to dissent from such redemption, and to be paid the fair value of his shares, as described under “ Member’s Rights Generally ” above. Share Repurchases and Redemptions. As permitted by the Companies Act and our memorandum and articles of association, shares may be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired by us. Typically, our directors will need to determine that immediately following the redemption or repurchase we will be able to satisfy our debts as they fall due and the value of our assets exceeds our liabilities. Our directors may only exercise this power on our behalf, subject to the Companies Act, our memorandum and articles of association and to any applicable requirements imposed from time to time by the SEC, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other stock exchange on which our securities are listed. Dividends. Subject to the Companies Act and our memorandum and articles of association, our directors may declare dividends at a time and amount they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that, immediately after distribution of the dividend, the value of our assets will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they fall due. No dividend shall carry interest against us. Rights of Non-resident or Foreign Shareholders and Disclosure of Substantial Shareholdings. There are no limitations imposed by our memorandum and articles of association on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or exercise voting rights on our shares. In addition, there are no provisions in our memorandum and articles of association governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership must be disclosed. Transfer of Shares. Where shares are listed on a recognized exchange, such shares may be transferred without the need for a written instrument of transfer if the transfer is carried out in accordance with the laws, rules, procedures and other requirements applicable to shares listed on the recognized exchange and subject to the company’s memorandum and articles of association. Inspection of Books and Records. Under the Companies Act, shareholders of the general public, on payment of a nominal fee, can obtain copies of the public records of a company available at the office of the Registrar which will include the company’s certificate of incorporation, its memorandum and articles of association (with any amendments) and records of license fees paid to date and will also disclose any articles of dissolution, articles of merger and a register of charges if the company has elected to file such a register. A shareholder of a company is entitled, on giving written notice to the company, to inspect: (a) the memorandum and articles; (b) the register of members; (c) the register of directors; and (d) the minutes of meetings and resolutions of shareholders and of those classes of shareholders of which he is a shareholder; and to make copies of or take extracts from the documents and records referred to in (a) to (d) above. Subject to the memorandum and articles of association, the directors may, if they are satisfied that it would be contrary to the company’s interests to allow a shareholder to inspect any document, or part of a document, specified in (b), (c) or (d) above, refuse to permit the shareholder to inspect the document or limit the inspection of the document, including limiting the making of copies or the taking of extracts from the records. 85 Where a company fails or refuses to permit a shareholder to inspect a document or permits a shareholder to inspect a document subject to limitations, that shareholder may apply to a British Virgin Islands court for an order that he should be permitted to inspect the document or to inspect the document without limitation. Dissolution; Winding Up. The liquidation of a BVI company may be a voluntary solvent liquidation or a liquidation under the Insolvency Act. The Companies Act governs a solvent liquidation. A company may only be liquidated under the Companies Act as a solvent liquidation if it has no liabilities or it is able to pay its debts as they fall due and the value of its assets exceeds its liabilities. Pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company and the Companies Act, a liquidator may be appointed by a resolution of directors or resolution of members but if the directors have commenced liquidation by a resolution of directors the members must approve the liquidation plan by a resolution of members save in limited circumstances. The liquidator is appointed for the purpose of collecting in and realising the assets of a company and distributing proceeds to creditors The Insolvency Act governs an insolvent liquidation. Pursuant to the Insolvency Act, a company is insolvent if: (a) it fails to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not be set aside pursuant to the Insolvency Act; or (b) execution or other process issued on a judgement, decree or order of Court in favour of a creditor of the company is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (c) either the value of the company’s liabilities exceeds its assets; or (d) the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due. The liquidator must be either the Official Receiver in BVI or a BVI licensed insolvency practitioner. An individual resident outside the BVI may be appointed to act as liquidator jointly with a BVI licensed insolvency practitioner or the Official Receiver. The members of the company may appoint an insolvency practitioner as liquidator of the company or the Court may appoint an Official Receiver or an eligible insolvency practitioner. The application to the Court can be made by one or more of the following: (a) the company (b) a creditor (c) a member (d), the supervisor of a creditors’ arrangement in respect of the company, the Financial Services Commission and the Attorney General in the BVI. The Court may appoint a liquidator if: (a) the company is insolvent; (b) the Court is of the opinion that it is just and equitable that a liquidator should be appointed; or (c) the Court is of the opinion that it is in the public interest for a liquidator to be appointed. An application under (a) above by a member may only be made with leave of the Court, which shall not be granted unless the Court is satisfied that there is prima facie case that the company is insolvent. An application under (c) above may only be made by the Financial Services Commission or the Attorney General and they may only make an application under (c) above if the company concerned is, or at any time has been, a regulated person (i.e. a person that holds a prescribed financial services licence) or the company is carrying on, or at any time has carried on, unlicensed financial services business. Voidable Transactions In the event of the insolvency of a company, there are four types of voidable transaction provided for in the Insolvency Act: (a) Unfair Preferences : Under section 245 of the Insolvency Act a transaction entered into by a company, if it is entered into within the hardening period at a time when the company is insolvent, or it causes the company to become insolvent (an “insolvency transaction”), and which has the effect of putting the creditor into a position which, in the event of the company going into insolvent liquidation, will be better than the position it would have been in if the transaction had not been entered into, will be deemed an unfair preference. A transaction is not an unfair preference if the transaction took place in the ordinary course of business. It should be noted that this provision applies regardless of whether the payment or transfer is made for value or at an undervalue. (b) Undervalue Transactions : Under section 246 of the Insolvency Act the making of a gift or the entering into of a transaction on terms that the company is to receive no consideration, or where the value of the consideration for the transaction, in money or money’s worth, is significantly less than the value, 86 in money or money’s worth, of the consideration provided by the company will (if it is an insolvency transaction entered into within the hardening period) be deemed an undervalue transaction. A company does not enter into a transaction at an undervalue if it is entered into in good faith and for the purposes of its business and, at the time the transaction was entered into, there were reasonable grounds for believing the transaction would benefit the company. (c) Voidable Floating Charges : Under section 247 of the Insolvency Act a floating charge created by a company is voidable if it is an insolvency transaction created within the hardening period. A floating charge is not voidable to the extent that it secures: (i) money advanced or paid to the company, or at its direction, at the same time as, or after, the creation of the charge; (ii) the amount of any liability of the company discharged or reduced at the same time as, or after, the creation of the charge; (iii) the value of assets sold or supplied, or services supplied, to the company at the same time as, or after, the creation of the charge; and (iv) the interest, if any, payable on the amount referred to in (i) to (iii) pursuant to any agreement under which the money was advanced or paid, the liability was discharged or reduced, the assets were sold or supplied or the services were supplied. (d) Extortionate Credit Transactions : Under section 248 of the Insolvency Act an insolvency transaction entered into by a company for, or involving the provision of, credit to the company, may be regarded as an extortionate credit transaction if, having regard to the risk accepted by the person providing the credit, the terms of the transaction are or were such to require grossly exorbitant payments to be made in respect of the provision of the credit, or the transaction otherwise grossly contravenes ordinary principles of fair trading and such transaction takes place within the hardening period. The “hardening period” (known in the Insolvency Act as the “vulnerability period”) in respect of each voidable transaction provision set out above is as follows: (a) for the purposes of sections 245, 246 and 247 of the Insolvency Act the period differs depending on whether the person(s) that the transaction is entered into with, or the preference is given to, are “connected persons” of the company within the meaning of the Insolvency Act: (i) in the case of “connected persons” the “hardening period” is the period beginning two years prior to the “onset of insolvency” and ending on the appointment of a liquidator of the company; and (ii) in the case of any other person, the “hardening period” is the period beginning six months prior to the “onset of insolvency” and ending on the appointment of a liquidator of the company; and (b) for the purposes of section 248 of the Insolvency Act the “hardening period” is the period beginning five years prior to the “onset of insolvency” and ending on the appointment of a liquidator of the company regardless of whether the person(s) that the transaction is entered into with is a connected person. The onset of insolvency for these purposes is the date on which an application for the appointment of a liquidator was filed (if the liquidator was appointed by the Court) or the date of the appointment of the liquidator (where the liquidator was appointed by the members). A conveyance made by a person with intent to defraud creditors is voidable at the instance of the person thereby prejudiced. There is no requirement that the relevant transaction was entered into at a time when one party was insolvent or became insolvent as a result of the transaction, and there is no requirement that the transferring party subsequently went into liquidation. However, no conveyance entered into for valuable consideration and in good faith to a person who did not have notice of the intention to defraud may be impugned. Anti-Money Laundering Laws In order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we also may delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person. We reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification 87 purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally debited. If any person resident in the British Virgin Islands knows or suspects that another person is engaged in money laundering or terrorist financing and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of their business the person will be required to report his belief or suspicion to the Financial Investigation Agency of the British Virgin Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Criminal Conduct Act 1997 (as amended). Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 88 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Immediately after this offering, we will have 5,387,500 ordinary shares outstanding, or 6,184,375 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, the 4,250,000 shares sold in this offering, or 4,887,500 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares have been placed in escrow and will not be transferable until they are released except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in this prospectus. RULE 144 A person who has beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares, rights or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted ordinary shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: • 1% of the number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which will equal 53,875 shares immediately after this offering (or 61,844 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full); and • the average weekly trading volume of the ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. RESTRICTIONS ON THE USE OF RULE 144 BY SHELL COMPANIES OR FORMER SHELL COMPANIES Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: • the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; • the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; • the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and • at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our officers and directors will be able to sell their founders’ shares freely without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming they are not affiliates of ours at that time. 89 REGISTRATION RIGHTS The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private warrants and warrants issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 90 TAXATION The following summary of the material BVI and United States Federal income tax consequences of an investment in our ordinary shares, rights and warrants, is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this prospectus, all of which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our ordinary shares, rights and warrants, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other tax laws. BVI TAXATION The company and all dividends, interest, rents, royalties, compensation and other amounts paid by the company to persons who are not resident in the BVI and any capital gains realized with respect to any shares, debt obligations, or other securities of the company by persons who are not resident in the BVI are exempt from all provisions of the Income Tax Ordinance in the BVI. No estate, inheritance, succession or gift tax, rate, duty, levy or other charge is payable by persons who are not resident in the BVI with respect to any shares, debt obligation or other securities of the company. All instruments relating to transfers of property to or by the company and all instruments relating to transactions in respect of the shares, debt obligations or other securities of the company and all instruments relating to other transactions relating to the business of the company are exempt from payment of stamp duty in the BVI. This assumes that the company does not hold an interest in real estate in the BVI. There are currently no withholding taxes or exchange control regulations in the BVI applicable to the company or its shareholders. UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION General This section is a general summary of the material United States Federal income tax provisions relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our units, ordinary shares, rights and warrants. This section does not address any aspect of United States Federal gift or estate tax, or the state, local or non-United States tax consequences of an investment in our ordinary shares, rights and warrants, nor does it provide any actual representations as to any tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of our ordinary shares, rights and warrants. Because the components of a unit are separable at the option of the holder, the holder of a unit generally will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying ordinary share, right and warrant components of the unit, as the case may be. As a result, the discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences with respect to actual holders of ordinary shares, rights and warrants should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying ordinary shares, rights and warrants that comprise the units). The discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences to “U.S. Holders” will apply to a beneficial owner of our securities that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: • an individual citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; • an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or • a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. If a beneficial owner of our securities is not described as a U.S. Holder and is not an entity treated as a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner will be considered a “Non-U.S. Holder.” 91 The material U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable specifically to Non-U.S. Holders are described below under the heading “Non-U.S. Holders.” This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. This discussion assumes that the ordinary shares, rights and warrants will trade separately and does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder based on such holder’s individual circumstances. In particular, this discussion considers only holders that own our securities as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, and does not address the potential application of the alternative minimum tax. In addition, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders that are subject to special rules, including: • financial institutions or financial services entities; • broker-dealers; • taxpayers that are subject to the mark-to-market accounting rules under Section 475 of the Code; • tax-exempt entities; • governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof; • insurance companies; • regulated investment companies; • real estate investment trusts; • expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; • persons that actually or constructively own 5 percent or more of our voting shares; • persons that acquired our securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation; • persons that hold our securities as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated transaction; or • persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. This discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift or estate tax laws, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws or, except as discussed herein, any tax reporting obligations of a holder of our securities. Additionally, this discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our securities through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our securities, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. This discussion also assumes that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our ordinary shares and any consideration received (or deemed received) by a holder in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our securities will be in U.S. dollars. We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion. THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES. IT DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS AS TO ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES AND WE HAVE NOT OBTAINED ANY OPINION OF COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO SUCH TAX CONSEQUENCES. AS A RESULT, EACH 92 PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR SECURITIES IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES. Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit There is no authority addressing the treatment, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of securities with terms substantially the same as the units, and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. Each unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an investment unit consisting of one ordinary share, one right and one warrant. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit generally must allocate the purchase price of a unit between the ordinary share, right and warrant that comprise the unit based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. The price allocated to each ordinary share, right and warrant generally will be the holder’s tax basis in such share, right or warrant, as the case may be. The foregoing treatment of our ordinary shares, rights and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each holder is advised to consult its own tax advisor regarding the risks associated with an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit) and regarding an allocation of the purchase price between the ordinary share, right and warrant that comprise a unit. The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders Tax Reporting Certain U.S. Holders may be required to file an IRS Form 926 (Return of a U.S. Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation) to report a transfer of property (including cash) to us. Substantial penalties may be imposed on a U.S. Holder that fails to comply with this reporting requirement. Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult with its own tax advisor regarding this reporting obligation. A U.S. holder is required to file with such U.S. holder’s income tax return Form 8938 to report the ownership of shares or securities issued by a foreign corporation exceeding certain threshold amounts. Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares Subject to the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as dividends the amount of any cash distribution paid on our ordinary shares. A cash distribution on such shares generally will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends paid by us to an individual U.S. Holder generally will be non-qualified dividends taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Such dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. Holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder’s basis in its ordinary shares (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such ordinary shares. Possible Constructive Distributions The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events. An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. However, the U.S. Holders of the warrants would be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of ordinary shares that would be 93 obtained upon exercise) as a result of a distribution of cash to the holders of our ordinary shares which is taxable to the U.S. Holders of such ordinary shares as described under “ — Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares ” above. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described under that section in the same manner as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest. Taxation on the Disposition of Ordinary Shares, Rights and Warrants Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants (which, in general, would include a redemption of ordinary shares, as discussed below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation if we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time), and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the ordinary shares, rights or warrants. The regular U.S. federal income tax rate on capital gains recognized by U.S. Holders generally is the same as the regular U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary income, except that under tax law currently in effect long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at a maximum regular rates of 15% or 20% depending upon the U.S. Holder’s level of taxable income. Capital gain or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares, rights or warrants exceeds one year. It is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to the ordinary shares described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. Holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements for this purpose. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to various limitations that are not described herein because a discussion of such limitations depends on each U.S. Holder’s particular facts and circumstances. Among such limitations is the deduction for losses upon a taxable disposition by a U.S. Holder of shares, rights or warrants (whether or not held as part of a unit) if, within a period beginning 30 days before the date of such disposition and ending 30 days after such date, such U.S. Holder has acquired (by purchase or by an exchange on which the entire amount of gain or loss was recognized by law), or has entered into a contract or option so to acquire, substantially identical shares or securities. U.S. Holders who recognize losses with respect to a disposition of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of such losses. Conversion of Ordinary Shares Subject to the PFIC rules described below, if a U.S. Holder converts ordinary shares into the right to receive cash pursuant to the exercise of a shareholder conversion right, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such conversion will be subject to the following rules. If the conversion qualifies as a sale of the ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, the tax treatment of such conversion will be as described under “— Taxation on the Disposition of Ordinary Shares, Rights and Warrants” above. If the conversion does not qualify as a sale of ordinary shares under Section 302 of the Code, a U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a distribution with the tax consequences described below. Whether conversion of our shares qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of our ordinary shares treated as held by such U.S. Holder. The conversion of ordinary shares generally will be treated as a sale or exchange of the ordinary shares (rather than as a distribution) if the receipt of cash upon the conversion (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to a U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of such holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to such holder. These tests are explained more fully below. In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. Holder must take into account not only our ordinary shares actually owned by such holder, but also our ordinary shares that are constructively owned by such holder. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to our ordinary shares owned directly, ordinary shares owned by related individuals and entities in which such holder has an interest or that have an interest in such holder, as well as any ordinary shares such holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include ordinary shares which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of warrants. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by a U.S. Holder immediately following the conversion of our ordinary shares must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting and ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such holder immediately before the conversion. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. Holder’s interest if either (i) all of our ordinary shares actually and constructively owned by such U.S. Holder are converted or (ii) all of our ordinary shares actually owned by such U.S. Holder are converted and such holder is eligible to waive, and 94 effectively waives, in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of shares owned by family members and such holder does not constructively own any other shares. The conversion of the ordinary shares will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if such conversion results in a “meaningful reduction” of a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the conversion will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority shareholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of an exercise of the conversion right. If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption may be treated as a distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “ — Taxation of Distributions Paid on Ordinary Shares ,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis a U.S. Holder has in the redeemed ordinary shares will be added to the adjusted tax basis in such holder’s remaining ordinary shares. If there are no remaining ordinary shares, a U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors as to the allocation of any remaining basis. U.S. Holders who actually or constructively own one percent or more of our shares (by vote or value) may be subject to special reporting requirements with respect to a conversion of ordinary shares, and such holders should consult with their own tax advisors with respect to their reporting requirements. Exercise or Lapse of a Right or Warrant Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of an ordinary share from the conversion of a right or exercise of a warrant for cash. An ordinary share acquired pursuant to the exercise of a warrant for cash generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the right or warrant, increased by the amount paid to exercise the warrant. The holding period of such ordinary share generally would begin on the day after the date of receipt of shares from the conversion of the right or exercise of the warrant and will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the right or warrant. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant. The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a gain realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. Holder’s basis in the ordinary shares received would equal the holder’s basis in the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a gain realization event, a U.S. Holder’s holding period in the ordinary shares would be treated as commencing on the date following the date of exercise of the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the ordinary shares would include the holding period of the warrant. It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. Holder could be deemed to have surrendered warrants equal to the number of ordinary shares having a value equal to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised. The U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the ordinary shares represented by the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the ordinary shares received would equal the sum of the fair market value of the ordinary shares represented by the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants exercised. A U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares would commence on the date following the date of exercise of the warrant. Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise. Unearned Income Medicare Tax A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax will generally apply to all or some portion of the net investment income of a U.S. Holder that is an individual with adjusted gross income that exceeds a threshold amount ($250,000 if married filing jointly or if considered a “surviving spouse” for federal income tax purposes, $125,000 if married filing separately, and $200,000 in other cases). This 3.8% tax will also apply to all or some portion of the undistributed net investment income of certain U.S. Holders that are estates and trusts. For these purposes, dividends and gains from 95 the taxable dispositions of the ordinary shares, rights and warrants will generally be taken into account in computing such a U.S. Holder’s net investment income. Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be a PFIC for U.S. tax purposes if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation will be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year, ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets. Because we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for our current taxable year. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income, if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC for either of the first two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up exception to us will not be known until after the close of our current taxable year. After the acquisition of a company or assets in a business combination, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC, then we will likely not qualify for the start-up exception and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year ending December 31, 2018. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year. If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants and, in the case of our ordinary shares, the U.S. Holder did not make either a timely qualified electing fund (“QEF”) election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) ordinary shares, as described below, such holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to: • any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its ordinary shares, rights or warrants; and • any “excess distribution” made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of the ordinary shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares). Under these rules, • the U.S. Holder’s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares, rights or warrants; • the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder’s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder’s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income; • the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and • the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder. 96 In general, if we are determined to be a PFIC, a U.S. Holder will avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our ordinary shares by making a timely QEF election to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends. A U.S. Holder may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge. A U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its rights to acquire our ordinary shares. As a result, if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of rights or warrants (other than upon exchange of rights or warrants), any gain recognized generally will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the rights or warrants. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired ordinary shares, but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants), unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election under the PFIC rules. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will have a new basis and holding period in the ordinary shares acquired upon the exercise of the warrants for purposes of the PFIC rules. The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances. In order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided. If a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares, and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed. As discussed above, U.S. Holders of a QEF are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such U.S. Holders. The tax basis of a U.S. Holder’s shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. Similar basis adjustments apply to property if by reason of holding such property the U.S. Holder is treated under the applicable attribution rules as owning shares in a QEF. Although a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually, an initial determination that our company is a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held ordinary shares, rights or warrants while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect to such shares. In addition, such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any taxable year of us that ends within or with a taxable year of 97 the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares, the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder makes a purging election, as described above, and pays the tax and interest charge with respect to the gain inherent in such shares attributable to the pre-QEF election period. Alternatively, if a U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable shares, the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) ordinary shares in us and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its ordinary shares. Instead, in general, the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income each year the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares. The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its ordinary shares over the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder’s basis in its ordinary shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the ordinary shares will be treated as ordinary income. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to the warrants. The mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Nasdaq, or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances. If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs. A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder, may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or market-to-market election is made) and such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares, rights and warrants should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our ordinary shares, rights and warrants under their particular circumstances. Non-U.S. Holders Dividends (including constructive dividends) paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect to its ordinary shares generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains in the United States). In addition, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain attributable to a sale or other disposition of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants unless such gain is effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, 98 is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains in the United States) or the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of sale or other disposition and certain other conditions are met (in which case, such gain from United States sources generally is subject to tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate). Dividends and gains that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States) generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax (but not the Medicare contribution tax) at the same regular U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to a comparable U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Non-U.S. Holder’s receipt of a share upon consummation of an initial business combination or exercise of a warrant, or the lapse of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. Holder, generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the receipt of a share or exercise or lapse of a warrant by a U.S. Holder, as described under “U.S. Holders — Exercise or Lapse of a Right or Warrant,” above, although to the extent a cashless exercise results in a taxable exchange, the consequences would be similar to those described in the preceding paragraphs above for a Non-U.S. Holders gain on the sale or other disposition of our ordinary shares, rights and warrants. Backup Withholding and Information Reporting In general, information reporting for U.S. federal income tax purposes should apply to distributions made on our ordinary shares within the United States to a U.S. Holder, subject to certain exceptions, and to the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our ordinary shares, rights or warrants by a U.S. Holder to or through a U.S. office of a broker. Payments made (and sales and other dispositions effected at an office) outside the United States will be subject to information reporting in limited circumstances. In addition, backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax, currently at a rate of 24%, generally will apply to dividends paid on our ordinary shares, rights or warrants to a U.S. Holder and the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of shares or warrants by a U.S. Holder, in each case who: • fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number; • is notified by the IRS that backup withholding is required; or • fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. A Non-U.S. Holder generally will eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption. We will withhold all taxes required to be withheld by law from any amounts otherwise payable to any holder of our ordinary shares or securities, including tax withholding required by the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder’s or a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the requisite information is timely furnished to the IRS. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding and the availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding in their particular circumstances. A 30% withholding tax will be imposed on payments to certain foreign entities on dividends on and the gross proceeds of dispositions of U.S. equity interests, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (generally relating to ownership by U.S. persons of interests in or accounts with those entities) have been satisfied. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this legislation on their investment in the units. 99 NOTE REGARDING OUR CHOICE OF BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS AND THE ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES Reasons for our Choice of Incorporating in the British Virgin Islands We are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands because of the following benefits found there: • political and economic stability; • an effective and sophisticated judicial system with a dedicated Commercial court; • tax neutral treatment, with no tax levied against companies incorporated in the British Virgin Islands by the local tax authorities; • the absence of exchange control or currency restrictions; and • the availability of professional and support services. In addition to the benefits listed above, incorporation in the British Virgin Islands offers investors the following benefits: • commitment of the British Virgin Islands to implement best international practice and to comply with the requirements of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the Financial Action Taskforce (FATF); and • the adoption of the English law concept of corporate separateness to mitigate the risk of the assets of a shareholder being used to satisfy the liabilities of the company. However, there are certain disadvantages accompanying incorporation in the British Virgin Islands. These disadvantages include: • the British Virgin Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides significantly less protection to investors; and • British Virgin Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. We believe the disadvantages of incorporating in the British Virgin Islands are outweighed by the benefits to us and our investors of such incorporation. Enforceability of Civil Liabilities We are a BVI business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and therefore, located outside of the United States. The proceeds we receive from this offering will be held in U.S. Dollars and deposited in a trust account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. The trust account will be governed by an Investment Management Trust Agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. The courts of the British Virgin Islands will not necessarily enter judgments in original actions brought in those courts predicated on U.S. federal or state securities laws. Additionally, there is no statutory enforcement in the British Virgin Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, however, the courts of the British Virgin Islands will in certain circumstances recognize such a foreign judgment and treat it as a cause of action in itself which may be sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary provided that the U.S. judgment, provided that: • the U.S. court issuing the judgment had jurisdiction in the matter and the company either submitted to such jurisdiction or was resident or carrying on business within such jurisdiction and was duly served with process; • is final and for a liquidated sum; • the judgment given by the U.S. court was not in respect of penalties, taxes, fines or similar fiscal or revenue obligations of the company; 100 • in obtaining judgment there was no fraud on the part of the person in whose favor judgment was given or on the part of the court; • recognition or enforcement of the judgment in the BVI would not be contrary to public policy; and • the proceedings pursuant to which judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice. We expect that in the event of a voluntary liquidation of us, after payment of the liquidation costs and any sums then due to creditors, the liquidator would distribute our remaining assets on a pari passu basis. Under British Virgin Islands law, the directors owe fiduciary duties at both common law and under statute, including a statutory duty to act honestly, in good faith and with a view to our best interests. When exercising powers or performing duties as a director, the director is required to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the circumstances taking into account, without limitation, the nature of the company, the nature of the decision and the position of the director and the nature of the responsibilities undertaken by him. In exercising the powers of a director, the directors must exercise their powers for a proper purpose and shall not act or agree to the company acting in a manner that contravenes our memorandum and articles of association or the Companies Act. In certain circumstances, a shareholder has the right to seek various remedies against the company in the event the directors are in breach of their duties under the Companies Act. Pursuant to Section 184B of the Companies Act, if a company or director of a company engages in, proposes to engage in or has engaged in, conduct that contravenes the provisions of the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles of association of the company, the courts of the British Virgin Islands may, on application of a shareholder or director of the company, make an order directing the company or director to comply with, or restraining the company or director from engaging in conduct that contravenes the Companies Act or the memorandum or articles. Furthermore, pursuant to Section 184I(1) of the Companies Act, a shareholder of a company who considers that the affairs of the company have been, are being or likely to be, conducted in a manner that is, or any acts of the company have been, or are likely to be oppressive, unfairly discriminatory, or unfairly prejudicial to him in that capacity, may apply to the courts of the British Virgin Islands for an order which, inter alia, can require the company or any other person to pay compensation to the shareholders. If we are deemed insolvent for the purposes of the Insolvency Act (i.e., (i) we fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) the execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands court in favor of a creditor of ours is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of our liabilities exceeds our assets, or we are unable to pay our debts as they fall due), there are very limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties may be deemed to be a “voidable transaction” for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would include, for these purposes, payments made as “unfair preferences” or “transactions at an undervalue.” A liquidator appointed over an insolvent company who considers that a particular transaction or payment is a voidable transaction under the Insolvency Act could apply to a British Virgin Islands courts for an order setting aside that payment or transaction in whole or in part. 101 UNDERWRITING We are offering the units described in this prospectus through the underwriters named below. EarlyBirdCapital Inc. is acting as representative of the underwriters. We have entered into an underwriting agreement with the representative. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters have agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, the number of units listed next to each of its name in the following table: Underwriter Number of Units EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. Total 4,250,000 The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters must buy all of the units if they buy any of them. However, the underwriters are not required to purchase the units covered by the option to purchase additional units as described below. Our units are offered subject to a number of conditions, including: • receipt and acceptance of our units by the underwriters; and • the underwriters’ right to reject orders in whole or in part. In connection with this offering, the underwriters or securities dealers may distribute prospectuses electronically. OPTION TO PURCHASE ADDITIONAL UNITS We have granted the underwriters an option to buy up to an aggregate of 637,500 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of this prospectus to exercise this option. If the underwriters exercise this option, they will purchase additional units approximately in proportion to the amounts specified in the table above. UNDERWRITING DISCOUNT Units sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. Any units sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount of up to $ [ • ] per unit from the initial public offering price and the dealers may reallow a concession not in excess of $[•] per unit to other dealers. Sales of units made outside of the United States may be made by affiliates of the underwriters. If all the units are not sold at the initial public offering price, the representative may change the offering price and the other selling terms. Upon execution of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase the units at the prices and upon the terms stated therein. The following table shows the per unit and total underwriting discount we will pay to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to 637,500 additional units. No Exercise Full Exercise Per Unit $ 0.25 $ 0.25 Total $ 1,062,500 $ 1,221,875 We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable by us, not including the underwriting discount, will be approximately $500,000. In addition, we have agreed to pay for the FINRA-related fees and expenses of the underwriters’ legal counsel, not to exceed $15,000, the expenses of transaction “bibles” and lucite cube “mementos,” not to exceed $3,000, and the expenses of investigations and background checks of our officers and directors, not to exceed $________. 102 BUSINESS COMBINATION MARKETING AGREEMENT We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. as our advisor in connection with our business combination to assist in identifying potential target businesses, assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection with our initial business combination, assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to 4.0% of the gross proceeds of this offering. In addition to the foregoing fee, we will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee equal to 1.0% of the total consideration payable in the proposed business combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces us to the target business with which we complete a business combination; provided that the foregoing fee will not be paid prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(c)(3)(B)(ii). REPRESENTATIVE SHARES We have agreed to issue to EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees) 75,000 shares upon consummation of this offering. EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees) has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares without our prior consent until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees) has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of the FINRA Manual. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be sold during the offering, or sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or commencement of sales of the public offering, except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners, provided that all securities so transferred remain subject to the lockup restriction above for the remainder of the time period. Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, we have granted the holders of these shares the same registration rights as described below with respect to the unit purchase option. UNIT PURCHASE OPTION We have agreed to sell to EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its permitted designees), for $100, an option to purchase up to a total of 212,500 units exercisable at $10.00 per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,125,000) upon the closing of this offering. The purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, at any time during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and the closing of our initial business combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of such effectiveness date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital has agreed that neither it nor its designees will be permitted to exercise the option or the warrants underlying the option after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The option and such units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the ordinary shares underlying such units, the rights and warrants included in such units and the ordinary shares that are issuable for the rights and warrants included in such units have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a 103 part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. We will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities for one demand right and unlimited piggyback rights, other than underwriting commissions, which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. We will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option. The holder of the purchase option will not be entitled to exercise the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option unless a registration statement covering the securities underlying the purchase option is effective or an exemption from registration is available. If the holder is unable to exercise the purchase option or underlying warrants, the purchase option or warrants, as applicable, will expire worthless. INDEMNIFICATION We have agreed to indemnify the underwriter against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. If we are unable to provide this indemnification, we have agreed to contribute to payments the underwriter may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. NASDAQ LISTING We have applied to have our units listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “HCCHU” and, once the ordinary shares, rights and warrants begin separate trading, to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “HCCH,” “HCCHR” and “HCCHW,” respectively. PRICE STABILIZATION, SHORT POSITIONS In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in activities that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of units during and after this offering, including: • stabilizing transactions; • short sales; • purchases to cover positions created by short sales; • imposition of penalty bids; and • syndicate covering transactions. Stabilizing transactions consist of bids or purchases made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units while this offering is in progress. Stabilization transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. These transactions may also include making short sales of our units, which involve the sale by the underwriters of a greater number of units than they are required to purchase in this offering and purchasing units on the open market to cover short positions created by short sales. Short sales may be “covered short sales,” which are short positions in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units referred to above, or may be “naked short sales,” which are short positions in excess of that amount. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their option, in whole or in part, or by purchasing units in the open market. In making this determination, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option. Naked short sales are short sales made in excess of the over-allotment option. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created 104 if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market that could adversely affect investors who purchased in this offering. The underwriters also may impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular underwriter repays to the representative of the underwriters a portion of the underwriting discount received by it because the representative has repurchased units sold by or for the account of that underwriter in stabilizing or short covering transactions. These stabilizing transactions, short sales, purchases to cover positions created by short sales, the imposition of penalty bids and syndicate covering transactions may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units. As a result of these activities, the price of our units may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. The underwriters may carry out these transactions on Nasdaq, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the units. Neither we, nor the underwriters, make any representation that the underwriter will engage in these stabilization transactions or that any transaction, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE Prior to this offering, there was no public market for our units. The initial public offering price will be determined by negotiation between us and EarlyBirdCapital, the representative of the underwriters. The principal factors to be considered in determining the initial public offering price include: • the information set forth in this prospectus and otherwise available to the representative; • our history and prospects and the history and prospects for the industry in which we compete; • our past and present financial performance; • our prospects for future earnings and the present state of our development; • the general condition of the securities market at the time of this offering; • the recent market prices of, and demand for, publicly traded units of generally comparable companies; and • other factors deemed relevant by the underwriters and us. The estimated public offering price range set forth on the cover page of this preliminary prospectus is subject to change as a result of market conditions and other factors. Neither we nor the underwriters can assure investors that an active trading market will develop for our units, ordinary shares, rights or warrants or that the units will trade in the public market at or above the initial public offering price. AFFILIATIONS The underwriters and their affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The underwriters and their affiliates may from time to time in the future engage with us and perform services for us or in the ordinary course of their business for which they will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of us. The underwriters and its affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of these securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in these securities and instruments. 105 ADDITIONAL FUTURE ARRANGEMENTS Other than as described above, we are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any underwriter and no fees for such services will be paid to any underwriter prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering. ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the Internet sites or through other online services maintained by the underwriters participating in this offering, or by their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and, depending upon the particular underwriter, prospective investors may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of units for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on any underwriter’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by an underwriter is not part of the prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or any underwriter in its capacity as underwriter and should not be relied upon by investors. SELLING RESTRICTIONS Notice to Prospective Investors in Canada Resale Restrictions We intend to distribute our securities in the Province of Ontario, Canada (the “Canadian Offering Jurisdiction”) by way of a private placement and exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in such Canadian Offering Jurisdiction. Any resale of our securities in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws that will vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Canadian resale restrictions in some circumstances may apply to resales of interests made outside of Canada. Canadian purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of our securities. We may never be a “reporting issuer”, as such term is defined under applicable Canadian securities legislation, in any province or territory of Canada in which our securities will be offered and there currently is no public market for any of the securities in Canada, and one may never develop. Canadian investors are advised that we have no intention to file a prospectus or similar document with any securities regulatory authority in Canada qualifying the resale of the securities to the public in any province or territory in Canada. Representations of Purchasers A Canadian purchaser will be required to represent to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that: • the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase the units without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws as it is an “accredited investor” as defined under National Instrument 45-106 — Prospectus Exemptions; • the purchaser is a “permitted client” as defined in National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations; • where required by law, the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent; • the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions; and • the purchaser acknowledges and consents to the provision of specified information concerning its purchase of our securities to the regulatory authority that by law is entitled to collect the information. 106 Rights of Action — Ontario Purchasers Only Under Ontario securities legislation, certain purchasers who purchase a security offered by this prospectus during the period of distribution will have a statutory right of action for damages, or while still the owner of our securities, for rescission against us in the event that this prospectus contains a misrepresentation without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation. The right of action for damages is exercisable not later than the earlier of 180 days from the date the purchaser first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and three years from the date on which payment is made for our securities. The right of action for rescission is exercisable not later than 180 days from the date on which payment is made for our securities. If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of action for rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages against us. In no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which our securities were offered to the purchaser and if the purchaser is shown to have purchased the securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation, we will have no liability. In the case of an action for damages, we will not be liable for all or any portion of the damages that are proven to not represent the depreciation in value of our securities as a result of the misrepresentation relied upon. These rights are in addition to, and without derogation from, any other rights or remedies available at law to an Ontario purchaser. The foregoing is a summary of the rights available to an Ontario purchaser. Ontario purchasers should refer to the complete text of the relevant statutory provisions. Enforcement of Legal Rights All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named herein are located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All of our assets and the assets of those persons are located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada. Collection of Personal Information If a Canadian purchaser is resident in or otherwise subject to the securities laws of the Province of Ontario, the Purchaser authorizes the indirect collection of personal information pertaining to the Canadian purchaser by the Ontario Securities Commission (the “OSC”) and each Canadian purchaser will be required to acknowledge and agree that the Canadian purchaser has been notified by us (i) of the delivery to the OSC of personal information pertaining to the Canadian purchaser, including, without limitation, the full name, residential address and telephone number of the Canadian purchaser, the number and type of securities purchased and the total purchase price paid in respect of the securities, (ii) that this information is being collected indirectly by the OSC under the authority granted to it in securities legislation, (iii) that this information is being collected for the purposes of the administration and enforcement of the securities legislation of Ontario, and (iv) that the title, business address and business telephone number of the public official in Ontario who can answer questions about the OSC’s indirect collection of the information is the Administrative Assistant to the Director of Corporate Finance, the Ontario Securities Commission, 20 Queen Street West, 19 th Floor, Box 55, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 3S8, Telephone: (416) 593-8086. Conflicts of Interest Canadian purchasers are hereby notified that the underwriters are relying on the exemption set out in se ction 3A.3 or 3A.4 of National Instrument 33-105 — Underwriting Conflicts, as applicable, from having to provide certain conflict of interest disclosure, if applicable, in this document. Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act. Any offer in Australia of the shares may only be made to persons (the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” 107 (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the shares without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. The shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring shares must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions. This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters. Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for the prospectus. The shares to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the shares. If you do not understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor. Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a “relevant member state”), with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that relevant member state (the “relevant implementation date”), an offer of units described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that relevant member state prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units that has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant member state or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant member state and notified to the competent authority in that relevant member state, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that, with effect from and including the relevant implementation date, an offer of our units may be made to the public in that relevant member state at any time: • to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive; • to fewer than 100, or, if the relevant member state has implemented the relevant provisions of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined below) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriter for any such offer; or • in any other circumstances that do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. Each purchaser of units described in this prospectus located within a relevant member state will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive. For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in any relevant member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the units, as the expression may be varied 108 in that member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that member state, and the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the PD 2010 Amending Directive to the extent implemented by the relevant member state) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each relevant member state, and the expression 2010 PD Amending Directive means Directive 2010/73/EU. We have not authorized and do not authorize the making of any offer of units through any financial intermediary on their behalf, other than offers made by the underwriters with a view to the final placement of the units as contemplated in this prospectus. Accordingly, no purchaser of the units, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of the units on behalf of us or the underwriters. Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company, the shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of shares has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of shares. Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as a “relevant person”). The units are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such units will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Notice to Prospective Investors in France Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The units have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units has been or will be: • released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or • used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the units to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only: • to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 109 • to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or • in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1°-or-2°-or 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne). The units may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong The units may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the units may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to units which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan The units have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan. Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the units may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the units be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Sectio n 275 (1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA. Where the units are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: • shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: • to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; 110 • where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or • where the transfer is by operation of law. British Virgin Islands No offer or invitation to subscribe for shares may be made to the public in the British Islands. 111 LEGAL MATTERS Graubard Miller, New York, New York, is acting as counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act, and as such, will pass upon the validity of the units and warrants offered in this prospectus. Graubard Miller represents EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. in matters unrelated to this offering. Maples and Calder will pass upon the validity of the ordinary shares offered in this prospectus and on matters of BVI law. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York, is acting as counsel to the underwriters. EXPERTS The financial statements of HL Acquisitions Corp. at March 31, 2018 and for the period from February 23, 2018 (inception) through March 31, 2018 included in this Prospectus have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of HL Acquisitions Corp. to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given upon such firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document. Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facility at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities. 112 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheet F-3 Statement of Operations F-4 Statement of Changes in Shareholder’s Equity F-5 Statement of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 – F-15 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholder and the Board of Directors of HL Acquisitions Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of HL Acquisitions Corp. (the “Company”) as of March 31, 2018 and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from February 23, 2018 (inception) through March 31, 2018 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2018 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from February 23, 2018 (inception) through March 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph — Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and the Company’s cash and working capital as of March 31, 2018 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum llp We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018. New York, NY April 12, 2018 F-2 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. BALANCE SHEET March 31, 2018 ASSETS Current asset – cash $ 77,500 Deferred offering costs 67,500 Total Assets $ 145,000 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY Current liabilities – Promissory note – related party $ 125,000 Total Current Liabilities 125,000 Commitments Shareholder’s Equity Ordinary shares, no par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 1,221,875 shares issued and outstanding (1) 25,000 Accumulated deficit (5,000 ) Total Shareholder’s equity 20,000 Total Liabilities and Shareholder’s Equity $ 145,000 ____________ (1) Includes an aggregate of 159,375 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-3 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS For the Period from February 23, 2018 (inception) through March 31, 2018 Formation and operating costs $ 5,000 Net loss $ (5,000 ) Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 1,062,500 Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share $ (0.00 ) ____________ (1) Excludes an aggregate of 159,375 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-4 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY Ordinary Shares Accumulated Total Shareholder’s Shares Amount Deficit Equity Balance – February 23, 2018 (inception) — $ — $ — $ — Issuance of founder shares to initial shareholder (1) 1,221,875 25,000 — 25,000 Net loss — — (5,000 ) (5,000 ) Balance – March 31, 2018 1,221,875 $ 25,000 $ (5,000 ) $ 20,000 ____________ (1) Includes an aggregate of 159,375 shares that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-5 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the Period from February 23, 2018 (inception) through March 31, 2018 Cash flows from Operating Activities: Net Loss $ (5,000 ) Net cash used in operating activities (5,000 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of founder shares to initial shareholder 25,000 Proceeds from promissory notes — related party 125,000 Payment of offering costs (67,500 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 82,500 Net Change in Cash 77,500 Cash – Beginning — Cash – Ending $ 77,500 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-6 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS HL Acquisitions Corp. (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on February 23, 2018. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (“Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on businesses that have their primary operations in the hydrocarbon logistics and processing industry. At March 31, 2018, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through March 31, 2018 relates to the Company’s formation and the Proposed Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed initial public offering of 4,250,000 units at $10.00 per unit (or 4,887,500 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the “Units” and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”) which is discussed in Note 3 (the “Proposed Offering”) and the sale of 2,062,500 warrants (or 2,221,875 warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised on full) (the “Private Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement to certain of the Company’s shareholders (the “initial shareholders”) that will close simultaneously with the Proposed Offering. The Company intends to list the Units on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“NASDAQ”). The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Offering and sale of the Private Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Proposed Offering, management has agreed that $10.00 per Unit sold in the Proposed Offering, including the proceeds of the sale of the Private Warrants, will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company’s shareholders, as described below. The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to convert all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to convert their ordinary shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The shareholders will be entitled to convert their ordinary shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. These ordinary shares will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. F-7 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.) The initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to convert any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination or any amendment to the Company’s charter prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, (iii) not to sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination and (iv) that the founder shares will not participate in any liquidating distribution from the Trust Account upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. The Company will have until 18 months from the closing of the Proposed Offering to consummate a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Proposed Offering price per Unit (initially $10.00). A designee of the Company’s management is expected to agree that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per share (whether or not the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Proposed Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, such designee will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that such designee will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Going Concern Consideration At March 31, 2018, the Company had $77,500 in cash and a working capital deficiency of $47,500. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC (“Metropolitan”) loaned the Company an aggregate amount of $125,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the Proposed Offering (the “Promissory Note”) (see Note 5). The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. F-8 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation The accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Emerging growth company The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of March 31, 2018. Deferred offering costs Deferred offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Offering and that will be charged to shareholder’s equity upon the completion of the Proposed Offering. Should the Proposed Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses incurred, will be charged to operations. F-9 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Income taxes The Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes,” which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined that the British Virgin Islands is the Company’s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of March 31, 2018 and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign taxing authorities in the area of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. On December 22, 2017 the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“Tax Reform”) was signed into law. As a result of Tax Reform, the U.S. statutory tax rate was lowered from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, among other changes. ASC Topic 740 requires companies to recognize the effect of tax law changes in the period of enactment. The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (“SAB 118”) to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain tax effects of Tax Reform. The Company’s tax provision is zero because the Company is organized in the British Virgin Islands with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction. As such, the Company has no deferred tax assets. The Company is considered to be an exempted British Virgin Islands Company, and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States. Net loss per share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 159,375 ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 7). At March 31, 2018, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. Concentration of credit risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which, at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At March 31, 2018, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. F-10 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Fair value of financial instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recently issued accounting standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. NOTE 3. PROPOSED OFFERING Pursuant to the Proposed Offering, the Company will offer for sale up to 4,250,000 Units (or 4,887,500 Units if the underwriters’ overallotment option is exercised in full) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one ordinary share, one right and one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each right will entitle the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination. Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share (see Note 7). NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT In connection with the Proposed Offering, the initial shareholder and its designees are expected to commit to purchase an aggregate of 2,062,500 Private Warrants (or 2,221,875 Private Warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $1.00 per Private Warrant ($2,062,500 in the aggregate, or $2,221,875 in the aggregate if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Proposed Offering. Each Private Warrant will be exercisable to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50. The proceeds from the Private Warrants will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Warrants. The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Proposed Offering, except that the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares In March 2018, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,221,875 founder shares to Metropolitan for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 in cash. The founder shares include an aggregate of up to 159,375 shares subject to forfeiture by Metropolitan to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that Metropolitan will collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Offering (assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Offering and excluding the Representative Shares (see Note 6)). The initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, (1) with respect to 50% of the founder shares, the earlier of one year after the F-11 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.) date of the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the founder shares, one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Promissory Note — Related Party On March 21, 2018, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to Metropolitan, pursuant to which the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $125,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) April 1, 2019, (ii) the consummation of the Proposed Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determines not to proceed with the Proposed Offering. Administrative Services Arrangement Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP, an affiliate of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, has agreed, commencing on the effective date of the Proposed Offering through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative and bookkeeping services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay Metropolitan Capital Partners II, LP $10,000 per month for these services. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company’s initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Private Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares, Private Warrants and any warrants that may be issued in payment of the Working Capital Loans (and their underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Offering. The holders of a majority of these securities will be entitled to make up to two demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Warrants and warrants issued to the initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (including the underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders will have certain “piggyback” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. F-12 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (cont.) Underwriting Agreement The Company will grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 637,500 additional Units to cover overallotments at the Proposed Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters will be entitled to a cash underwriting discount of two percent and one-half percent (2.5%) of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering, or $1,062,500 (or up to $1,221,875 if the underwriters’ overallotment is exercised in full). Representative Shares The Company has agreed to issue the EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EarlyBirdCapital”) (and/or its designees) 75,000 ordinary shares (the “Representative Shares”) upon the consummation of the Proposed Offering. The Company intends to account for the Representative Shares as an expense of the Proposed Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholder’s equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of Representative Shares is $750,000 based upon the offering price of the Units of $10.00 per Unit. EarlyBirdCapital has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees) has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lockup for a period of 180 days pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the Proposed Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the Proposed Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Proposed Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. Business Combination Marketing Agreement The Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss a potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing securities, assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with a Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to four percent (4.0%) of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Offering. In addition to the forgoing fee, the Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee equal to one percent (1.0%) of the total consideration payable in a proposed Business Combination if EarlyBirdCapital introduces the Company to a target business with which the Company completes a Business Combination; provided that the finder fee will not be paid 90 days before the effective date of the Proposed Offering. Unit Purchase Option The Company has agreed to sell EarlyBirdCapital (and/or its designees), for $100, an option to purchase up to 212,500 Units exercisable at $10.00 per Unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,125,000) commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Offering and the consummation of a Business Combination. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and expires five years from the effective date of the registration statement related to the Proposed Offering. The Units issuable upon exercise of the option are identical to those offered in the Proposed Offering. The Company intends to account for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Proposed Offering resulting in a charge directly to shareholders’ equity. F-13 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (cont.) The Company estimates that the fair value of the unit purchase option is approximately $742,787 (or $3.50 per Unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the unit purchase option to be granted to the underwriters is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 35%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 2.56% and (3) expected life of five years. The option and such units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the ordinary shares underlying such units, the rights included in such units, the warrants included in such units, and the shares underlying such rights and warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s NASDAQ Conduct Rules. Additionally, the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of Proposed Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Proposed Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or the Company’s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference Shares — At March 31, 2018, the Company has no authorized, issued or outstanding preference shares. The Company plans on filing an Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association prior to the closing date of the Proposed Offering such that the Company will be authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with no par value. Ordinary Shares — The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 ordinary shares with no par value. Holders of the Company’s ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At March 31, 2018, there were 1,221,875 shares of ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which 159,375 are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full, so that the initial shareholders will own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Offering (assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Proposed Offering and excluding the Representative Shares). Rights — Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if a holder of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Proposed Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive 1/10 of an ordinary share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The ordinary shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. F-14 HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. Notes to Financial Statements NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (cont.) Warrants — The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Proposed Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant: • at any time after the Public Warrants become exercisable, • upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder, • if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and • if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements are issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. F-15 4,250,000 Units HL Acquisitions Corp. ____________________ PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS [•], 2018 ____________________ Sole Book-Running Manager EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. Until [ • ] , 2018 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our ordinary shares, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows: Initial Trustees’ fee $ 1,000 (1) SEC Registration Fee 6,450 FINRA filing fee 8,300 Accounting fees and expenses 40,000 Nasdaq listing fees 75,000 Printing and engraving expenses 40,000 Directors & Officers liability insurance premiums 65,000 (2) Legal fees and expenses 250,000 Miscellaneous 14,250 (3) Total $ 500,000 ____________ (1) In addition to the initial acceptance fee that is charged by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, the registrant will be required to pay to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company additional fees for acting as trustee, as transfer agent of the registrant’s ordinary shares, as warrant agent for the registrant’s warrants and as escrow agent. Such fees have been included in the “Miscellaneous” line item. (2) This amount represents the approximate amount of director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the consummation of its initial public offering and until it consummates a business combination. (3) This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by the Company in connection with the offering over and above those specifically listed above, including distribution and mailing costs. ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. British Virgin Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by a British Virgin Islands court to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to certain limitations, we shall indemnify our directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to our best interests and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is theretofore unenforceable. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. (a) During the past three years, we sold the following ordinary shares without registration under the Securities Act: Shareholders Number of Shares Metropolitan Capital Partners V, LLC 1,221,875 II-1 Such shares were issued in March 2018 in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as the shares were sold to an accredited investor. The shares issued were sold for an aggregate offering price of $25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately $0.02 per share. The Company’s initial shareholders have also committed to purchase 2,062,500 warrants at $1.00 per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $2,062,500). This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering. They have also committed to purchase up to a maximum of 159,375 warrants in proportion to the amount of the underwriters’ over-allotment option that is exercised. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement: Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement.* 1.2 Business Combination Marketing Agreement between the Registrant and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.* 3.1 Memorandum and Articles of Association . 3.2 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.* 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate.* 4.2 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate.* 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate.* 4.4 Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.* 4.5 Specimen Right Certificate.* 4.6 Form of Rights Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.* 5.1 Opinion of Maples and Calder.* 5.2 Opinion of Graubard Miller.* 10.1 Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant’s initial shareholders, officers and directors.* 10.2 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.* 10.3 Form of Stock Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Initial Shareholders.* 10.4 Promissory Note. 10.5 Form of Registration Rights Agreement.* 10.6 Form of subscription agreement for private warrants.* 10.7 Form of Administrative Services Agreement.* 14 Code of Ethics.* 23.1 Consent of Marcum LLP. 23.2 Consent of Maples and Calder (included in Exhibit 5.1).* 23.3 Consent of Graubard Miller (included in Exhibit 5.2).* 24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Registration Statement) . ____________ * To be filed by amendment. II-2 ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS. (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, II-3 unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (d) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1 ) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York, New York, on the 8 th day of June, 2018. HL ACQUISITIONS CORP. By: /s/ Jeffrey E. Schwarz Name: Jeffrey E. Schwarz Title: Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Jeffrey E. Schwarz Chief Executive Officer June 8, 2018 JEFFREY E. SCHWARZ (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /s/ Greg Drechsler Chief Financial Officer June 8, 2018 GREG DRECHSLER (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Rune Magnus Lundetrae Director June 8, 2018 Rune Magnus Lundetrae /s/ Ajay Khandelwal Director June 8, 2018 AJAY KHANDELWAL Authorized Representative in the United States: GRAUBARD MILLER /s/ Jeffrey M. Gallant Name: Jeffrey M. Gallant Title: Partner Date: June 8, 2018 II-5
