As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2019 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 6770 83-1505892 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 40 Wall St., 29th floor New York City, NY 10005 Tel: (917) 289-0932 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Kin Sze Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. 40 Wall St., 29th floor New York City, NY 10005 Tel: (917) 289-0932 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Barry I. Grossman, Esq. Stuart Neuhauser, Esq. Benjamin S. Reichel, Esq . Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10105 Telephone: (212) 370-1300 Frederick C. Bauman, Esq. Bauman & Associates Law Firm 6440 Sky Pointe Dr., Ste 140-149 Las Vegas, NV 89131 Telephone: (702) 533-8372 Ralph De Martino, Esq. Cavas Pavri, Esq. Schiff Hardin 901 K Street NW, Suite 700 Washington, DC 20001 Telephone: (202) 778-6400 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☒ Smaller reporting company ☒ Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each Class of Security being registered Amount being Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Security (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) Amount of Registration Fee Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, $.001 par value, one redeemable Warrant and one Right to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock (2) 11,500,000 Units $ 10.00 $ 115,000,000 $ 13,938.00 Shares of common stock included as part of the Units (2) 11,500,000 Shares — — — (3) Redeemable Warrants included as part of the Units (2) 11,500,000 Warrants — — — (3) Rights included as part of the Units (2) 11,500,000 Rights — — — (3) Shares of common stock underlying Rights included as part of the Units (2) 1,150,000 Shares $ 10.00 $ 11,500,000 $ 1,393.80 Representative’s Warrants 920,000 Warrants $ 12.00 $ 11,040,000 $ 1,338.05 Representative’s shares of common stock 92,000 Shares $ 10.00 $ 920,000 111.51 Total $ 138,460,000 $ 16,781.36 (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(a). (2) Includes 1,500,000 Units, 1,500,000 shares of common stock, 1,500,000 redeemable Warrants underlying such Units and 1,500,000 Rights underlying such Units which may be issued on exercise of a 30-day option granted to the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g). The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED aPRIL 26, 2019 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS $100,000,000 Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. 10,000,000 Units Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on companies which provide financial services in Asia, primarily China. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock that were sold as part of the units in this offering, which we refer to collectively as our public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit that we are offering has a price of $10.00 and consists of one share of common stock, one redeemable warrant and one right, as described in more detail in this prospectus. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. We have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. Mr. Shih-Chung Chou, who we refer to throughout this prospectus as our “sponsor,” has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 warrants, or “private warrants,” at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in this offering, subject to certain limited exceptions as described in this prospectus. In September 2018, we issued our initial stockholders an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of our common stock, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “founders’ shares.” The founders’ shares include an aggregate of up to 375,000 shares held by the sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial stockholders will continue to own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming such stockholder does not purchase units in this offering and not including shares issued to the underwriters of this offering). We have applied to have our units listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “PAACU”. We expect that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock, warrants and rights comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless I-Bankers Securities, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the common stock, warrants and rights will be traded on Nasdaq under the symbols “PAAC,” “PAACW” and “PAACR,” respectively. We are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act and will therefore be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 17 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Unit Total Public Offering Price $ 10.00 $ 100,000,000 Underwriting Discount (1)(2) $ 0.25 $ 2,500,000 Proceeds to Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. (before expenses) $ 9.75 $ 97,500,000 (1) This reflects the maximum amount of discounts and commissions the underwriters may receive. The underwriting discounts and commissions may be reduced to $0.01 per unit for certain funds raised in this offering. Please see the section titled “Underwriting” for further information relating to the underwriting arrangements agreed to between us and the underwriters in this offering. (2) The underwriters will receive compensation in addition to the underwriting discount. Please see the section titled “Underwriting” for further information relating to the underwriting arrangements agreed to between us and the underwriters in this offering. Upon consummation of the offering, $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering (regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part), subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full six months, as described in more detail in this prospectus, will be deposited into a trust account at Morgan Stanley, N.A. maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except as described in this prospectus, these funds will not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our redemption of our public shares (which may not occur until , 2020). The underwriters are offering the units on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to purchasers on or about , 2019. Sole Book-Running Manager I-Bankers Securities, Inc. , 2019 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Summary Financial Data 16 Risk Factors 17 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 39 Use of Proceeds 40 Dividend Policy 43 Dilution 44 Capitalization 46 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 47 Proposed Business 50 Management 61 Principal Stockholders 66 Certain Transactions 67 Description of Securities 68 Shares Eligible for Future Sale 73 U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 74 Underwriting 79 Legal Matters 85 Experts 85 Where You Can Find Additional Information 85 Index to Financial Statements 86 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. References in this prospectus to “we,” “us” or “our company” refer to Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. References in this prospectus to our “public shares” are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market) and references to “public stockholders” refer to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor (as defined below), officers and directors to the extent they purchase public shares, provided that their status as “public stockholders” shall only exist with respect to such public shares. References to “initial stockholders” refer to the holders of our founders’ shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors. References in this prospectus to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors. References to our “sponsor” refer to Mr. Shih-Chung Chou. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. General We are a newly organized blank check company formed as a Nevada corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone one our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We currently intend to concentrate our efforts in identifying businesses which provide financial services in Asia, primarily mainland China and Hong Kong. Our emphasis is on businesses that provide financial services, brokerage and trading, asset management, underwriting and investment advisory, financing, payment processing, financial technology and other financial services related targets. However, we are not limited to these industries and we may pursue a business combination opportunity in any business or industry we choose and we may pursue a company with operations or opportunities outside of China. We intend to acquire established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound, with sound corporate governance, profound and stable operation history, motivated and capable management team, sustainable growth strategy, clear and scalable business model, and systematic advantages, but need financial, operational, strategic or managerial assistance to maximize value. We do not intend to acquire start-up companies, companies with speculative business plans or companies that are excessively leveraged. We intend to focus on seeking and consummating a business combination with a company or companies having an enterprise value between US$200 and US$400 million. Our sponsor, Mr. Shih-Chung Chou, has over 20 years of experience in the financial and investment industry. He has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Kongsheng Industrial Co., Ltd., a real estate development, investment and management company, since February 1997, and founded National Agricultural Holding Limited, a rural market-based company that integrates financial services, agricultural product trading, information, industry and science research, in November 2013 and remains one of the largest stockholders. From June 2005 to November 2013, he served as the M&A Department Manager of Qianlong Technology International Holding Limited. From December 1993 to January 1997, he served as the General Manager of Shanghai Gaosheng Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., a consulting service provider in financial and real estate investment. There is no relationship between our sponsor and our management. Business Strategy We will seek to capitalize on the experiences and network of our management team to identify, evaluate and acquire an operating financial services business in Asia, primarily China. We believe the financial services industry in Asia/China represents a particularly attractive deal sourcing ground that leverages our team’s skill sets and could potentially serve as a strong platform for future add-on acquisitions. Our investment thesis is supported by the following trends: • High growth in the Financial Services Industry in China. The total Asset Under Management (“AUM”) has increased rapidly in China. According to a Casey Quick research report, China will soon become the world’s second largest asset management market. The Chinese asset management industry will account for nearly half of global net asset flows by 2019 and has experienced a sustained period of growth. By 2030, China’s asset management is expected to exceed US$17 trillion. In the financial technology space in particular, since 2010, the average annual growth rate of China's third-party payment market has been growing more than 50% per annum, and China has become the global leader in such sector. • Relaxing Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Chinese Securities Companies . The measures issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission in 2017 have opened up the securities industry to foreigners, by allowing foreign investors to become controlling shareholders of China based securities companies . China has committed to increase the foreign ownership upper limit in securities companies, whether held directly or indirectly, and on a single entity or aggregated basis, to 51% since 2017. Moreover, three years after the above measures have been implemented, any remaining limit on foreign ownership will be removed. The proposed amendments to the existing rules included in the measures are primarily intended to honor such commitment. The new measures are intended to drive greater foreign investment in China. • Mobile and Online Asset Management Platforms. These platforms help companies and investors connect with each other in investment markets. Demand for customer interactions and service delivery will gradually be realized through networks and mobile channels. Investors will have better accessibility and more choices of investment tools and projects. Companies will be able to structure financing tools to meet their needs and attract more investors. Middle-class and general market investors will benefit from more personalized services and advice. Individual investors gain more control over investment decisions. Customers gain greater visibility and easier adjustments related to their investments. Automation technology extends sophisticated allocation services to individuals and institutional investors. Investment funds are allocated to match suitable investment opportunities with prospects. As the involvement of the financial agents decreases, the investment cost for investors decreases. • Mobile Payment Tools. China fintech giants make cashless society a reality by providing mobility payment platforms. Integrated mobile technologies change consumer needs and behavior. More consumers will use digital payment methods instead of cash, even for small transactions. Incentives are given to encourage consumers to use mobile payments. Transaction amounts have been increasing. Through analyzing payment transaction data, financial service providers are able to predict future consumer trend and deliver tailor made services. Geotags, biometrics and tokens protect all transaction parties by avoiding fraud. With the increase of new solutions, transaction costs decrease. • The Belt and Road Initiative. The political and economic policy first proposed by President Xi Jin Ping in 2013, provides foreign enterprises, inter alia, more cross-border investments opportunities; promotes internationalization of RMB; provides new investment directions and structures; and expands offshore business for financial services companies. • Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement . We believe free trade agreements have caused Hong Kong to invest further in the mainland and has promoted more of Hong Kong's financial services industry into mainland and overseas and enhances Hong Kong as an international finance center. Various economic incentives, similar to those mentioned above, are encouraging greater economic activity between Hong Kong and China in institutional and retail capacity. Tax incentives also encourage Hong Kong financial services companies to enter the China market. • Guangdong-HK-Macau Great Bay Area. The national strategy supports a balanced and sustainable growth of financial services industries by leveraging regional resources, addressing the unmet needs, combined with regulatory facilitation and easy access to capital. It also captures opportunities brought by the Belt & Road Initiative. • Hong Kong Listing Regime Reform. An initiative from Hong Kong Stock Exchange allows alternative listing methods and a variety of listing structures, attracting more corporations to list in Hong Kong. The reforms are: allowing IPO of non-profit biotech companies, initial public offering of weighted voting right structure companies and secondary listings of innovative companies. The unique stock connect collaboration between Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges allows international and Mainland Chinese investors to trade securities in each other's markets through the trading and clearing facilities of their home exchange. The scheme now covers over 2,000 eligible equities. ( 1 ) Table of Contents Competitive Strengths We believe we have the following competitive strengths: • Established Deal Sourcing Network . As a result of their extensive experience in the financial services industry, our management team members have developed a broad array of contacts in the industry. We believe that these contacts will be important in generating acquisition opportunities for us. • Strong Financial Position and Flexibility . With funds in the trust account of approximately $100,000,000 (or $115,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) available to use for a business combination (assuming no stockholder seeks conversion of their shares or seeks to sell their shares to us in a tender offer in relation to such business combination), we offer a target business a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. • Status as a Public Company . We believe our structure will make us an attractive business transaction partner to prospective target businesses. As an existing public company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business transaction with us. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders’ interests than it would as a private company. We believe that being a public company can also augment a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid it in attracting and retaining talented employees. Acquisition Criteria We will seek to capitalize on the significant financial services industry experience from our management team and our board of directors to identify, evaluate, or acquire operating financial services businesses in Asia, primarily China. We have identified the following criteria that we intend to use in evaluating business transaction opportunities. We expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Further, any particular business transaction opportunity which we ultimately determine to pursue may not meet one or more of these criteria: • History of free cash flow generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable free cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams. • Strong management team . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have strong, experienced management teams or those that provide a platform for us to assemble an effective and experienced management team. We will focus on management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and creating value for their stockholders. • Opportunities for expansion. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets with a sustainable and clear scalable business model that we can grow both organically and through acquisitions. We believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute transactions will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions. • Diversified customer and supplier base . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a diversified customer and supplier base, with systematic advantages which are generally able to employ risk management measures to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation, changing business preferences and other unfavorable business environments that may negatively impact their customers, suppliers and competitors. ( 2 ) Table of Contents Effecting a Business Combination We will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. In the event that we determine to conduct a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account $1,000,000, or up to $1,150,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of $2,000,000 (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per share, if we extend for the full six months). In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor ten days prior to the applicable deadline of its intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately $10.00 per public share (regardless of whether or not the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option) (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full six months, as described in more detail in this prospectus), without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. ( 3 ) Table of Contents So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses or if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion and they may not be able to rely on such opinion. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. We are not prohibited from consummating an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors so long as we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion and they may not be able to rely on such opinion. As more fully discussed in “ Management — Conflicts of Interest ”, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our directors currently have, and any of our officers or directors may in the future have, certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations. Our executive officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. ( 4 ) Table of Contents JOBS Act We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act) and will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three year period exceeds $1 billion or our total revenues exceed $1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Private Placements to Initial Stockholders In September 2018, we issued our initial stockholders an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of our common stock, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “founders’ shares,” for an aggregate purchase price of $555,000, or approximately $0.20 per share. The founders’ shares include an aggregate of up to 375,000 shares held by the sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our initial stockholders will continue to own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming such stockholder does not purchase units in this offering and not including shares issued to the underwriters of this offering). Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 private warrants at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, so long as they are held by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees. The proceeds from the private placement of the private warrants will be added to the proceeds of this offering and placed in a trust account at Morgan Stanley, N.A., with American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. If we do not complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time as described herein) , the proceeds from the sale of the private warrants will be included in the liquidating distribution to our public stockholders and the private warrants will expire worthless. Our executive offices are located at 40 Wall St., 29th floor, New York City, NY 10005 and our telephone number is (917) 289-0932. ( 5 ) Table of Contents The Offering Securities offered 10,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. Listing of our securities and proposed symbols We anticipate the units, and the shares of common stock, warrants and rights once they begin separate trading, will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “PAACU,” “PAACR” and “PAACW,” respectively. Trading commencement and separation of common stock, redeemable warrants and rights The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock, redeemable warrants and rights comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless I-Bankers Securities, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of common stock, warrants and rights commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock, warrants and rights. In no event will the common stock, warrants and rights be traded separately until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. We will also include the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if I-Bankers Securities, Inc. has allowed separate trading of the common stock, warrants and rights prior to the 52 nd day after the date of this prospectus. ( 6 ) Table of Contents Units: Number outstanding before this offering 0 units Number to be outstanding after this offering 10,000,000 units Shares of common stock: Number outstanding before this offering 2,875,000 shares (1) Number to be outstanding after this offering 12,580,000 shares (2)(3)(4) Redeemable Warrants: Number outstanding before this offering 0 warrants Number to be outstanding after this offering and private placement 15,800,000 warrants (5) Exercisability Each warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. The period of time from the date the warrants will first become exercisable until the expiration of the warrants shall hereafter be referred to as the “exercise period.” Exercise price $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below under “Redemption and Amendment” will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. None of the warrants may be exercised until the later of 30 days after the consummation of a business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and, thus, after the proceeds of the trust account have been disbursed. Accordingly, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account. (1) This number includes an aggregate of up to 375,000 founders’ shares held by the sponsor that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full. (2) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 375,000 founders’ shares held by the sponsor have been forfeited. (3) Includes 80,000 shares issuable to the representative of underwriters. (4) Excludes 300,000 shares issuable to Kin Sze, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and directors within 10 days following the business combination. (5) Includes 800,000 warrants issuable to the representative of underwriters. ( 7 ) Table of Contents Redemption and Amendment We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants, the warrants issued to the underwriters and/or its designees, and any other warrants underlying units we may issue to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans as described in this prospectus) in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant at any time during the exercise period, upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, if, and only if, the last sales price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of common stock may fall below the $18.00 trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the five trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. ( 8 ) Table of Contents Terms of Rights Except in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Nevada law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we redeem the public shares for the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire worthless. Securities purchased, or being purchased, by insiders We issued our initial stockholders an aggregate of 2,875,000 founders’ shares for an aggregate purchase price of $555,000, or approximately $0.20 per share. The 2,875,000 founders’ shares includes an aggregate of up to 375,000 shares of common stock held by the sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full or in part. The initial stockholders will be required to forfeit only a number of shares of common stock necessary to continue to maintain the 20.0% ownership interest in our shares of common stock after giving effect to the offering and exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except that: • the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; • our initial stockholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. • pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares or private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need only 3,710,001, or 37.1%, of the 10,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming (i) the over-allotment option is not exercised, (ii) all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting and (iii) that the 80,000 shares to be issued to the representative of the underwriters are issued and outstanding and voted in favor of the business combination) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised); and • the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 private warrants, at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, so long as they are held by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the private warrants will expire worthless. ( 9 ) Table of Contents Restrictions on transfer of founders’ shares and private warrants On the date of this prospectus, the founders’ shares will be placed into an escrow account maintained in New York, New York by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as escrow agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, 50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50% of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. The limited exceptions include transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our officers, directors, consultants, advisors or their affiliates, (ii) to an entity’s members, (iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions. Our sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private warrants or shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the founders’ shares may be transferred as described above), until after the completion of our initial business combination. Offering proceeds to be held in trust $100,000,000, or $115,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private warrants will be placed in a trust account at Morgan Stanley, N.A., maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, as trustee, or $10.00 per public unit (regardless of whether or not the over-allotment option is exercised in full or part) pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. Except as set forth below, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of an initial business combination and our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. Therefore, unless and until an initial business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be released to us from the trust account any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our taxes and for any liquidation expenses. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account (initially estimated to be $2,000,000); provided, however, that in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. These warrants would be identical to the private warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven. ( 10 ) Table of Contents Ability to extend time to complete business combination We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account $1,000,000, or up to $1,150,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of $2,000,000 (or $2,300,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per share if we extend for the full six months). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with our initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the trust account in the event that we do not complete a business combination. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Limited payments to insiders There will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates for any services they render prior to, or in order to effectuate the consummation of, an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: • monthly fees payable and equity awards to officers and directors for their services to us as described elsewhere in this prospectus; and • reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. ( 11 ) Table of Contents Stockholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. If enough stockholders tender their shares so that we are unable to satisfy any applicable closing condition set forth in the definitive agreement related to our initial business combination, or we are unable to maintain net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation, we will not consummate such initial business combination. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. In the event that we determine to conduct a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Our initial stockholders have agreed (i) to vote any founders’ shares in favor of any proposed business combination, (ii) not to convert any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (iii) not to sell any such shares to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,710,001, or approximately 37.1%, of the 10,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming (i) the over-allotment option is not exercised, (ii) all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting and (iii) that the 80,000 shares to be issued to the representative of the underwriters are issued and outstanding and are voted for the business combination ). Any permitted transferees of such securities will be subject to the same obligations as our sponsor. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, either before or after we mail a proxy statement related to the proposed business combination, in order to influence any vote held to approve a proposed initial business combination. It is anticipated that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates would approach a limited number of large holders that have voted against the proposed business combination and/or sought redemption of their shares, or that have indicated an intention to do so, and engage in direct negotiations for the purchase of such holders’ positions. It is likely that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates would approach only those holders that have submitted votes via proxy although it is possible that it could be from a holder that submitted a vote at the meeting. It is anticipated that all holders approached in this manner would be institutional or sophisticated holders. In the event such transactions take place, other than on a Current Report on Form 8-K, we will issue a press release announcing such transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock. ( 12 ) Table of Contents Conversion rights In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account. We may also require public stockholders seeking conversion, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) physically tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder’s election to convert his shares is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation. In connection with any proposed business combination, a target business could impose a working capital closing condition or require us to have a higher minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination. As a result, the foregoing may limit the number of shares that we can have converted and still consummate such business combination. ( 13 ) Table of Contents Liquidation if no business combination If we are unable to complete an initial business combination by 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and to fund our dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we are required to use our reasonable best efforts to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. There is also no guarantee that the third parties would not challenge the enforceability of these waivers and bring claims against the trust account for monies owed them. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be personally liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per public share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy his indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement entered into by our sponsor specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. The holders of the founders’ shares will not participate in any redemption distribution from our trust account with respect to such founders’ shares. If we are unable to conclude an initial business combination and we expend all of the net proceeds of this offering not deposited in the trust account, we expect that the initial per-share redemption price will be approximately $10.00 (not taking into account any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not released to us to pay our taxes payable and used to pay dissolution expenses) (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full six months, as described in more detail in this prospectus). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of our stockholders. In addition, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption price will not be less than approximately $10.00 (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full six months, as described in more detail in this prospectus). We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account and interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that we are permitted to withdraw to pay such expenses. ( 14 ) Table of Contents Potential amendments to charter Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that any of the provisions related to our pre-business combination activity (which include, among other items, the requirement to submit any proposed business combination to stockholders for approval or provide all our public stockholders the ability to tender their shares to us, to allow our public stockholders to have their shares redeemed for cash in connection with any proposed business combination and the time period in which we must consummate our initial business combination), may be amended if approved by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS), or applicable stock exchange rules. Our sponsor, executive officers, and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity as discussed above, unless in each case we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or any other person. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. Risks In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account the special risks we face as a blank check company, as well as the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act, and, therefore, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “ Proposed Business — Comparison to offerings of blank check companies subject to Rule 419 .” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors”. ( 15 ) Table of Contents SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, and accordingly only balance sheet data is presented. December 31, 2018 Actual As Adjusted Balance Sheet Data: Working capital (1) $ 326,190 $ 102,391,190 Total assets (2) $ 340,178 $ 102,405,178 Total liabilities $ 13,988 $ 13,988 Value of common stock subject to possible conversion/tender (3) $ 0 $ (97,391,189 ) Stockholders’ equity (4) $ 326,190 $ 5,000,001 (1) The “as adjusted” calculation includes $100,000,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering, plus $2,000,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus offering costs of $65,000 accrued for and paid in advance, plus $326,190 of actual stockholders’ equity at December 31, 2018. (2) The “as adjusted” calculation equals $100,000,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering, plus $2,000,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus offering costs of $65,000 accrued for and paid in advance, plus $340,178 of actual total assets at December 31, 2018. (3) Excludes 9,739,119 shares of common stock which are subject to redemption in connection with our initial business combination (approximately $10.00 per share). (4) The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the value of shares of common stock that may be redeemed in connection with our initial business combination (approximately $10.00 per share), which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets threshold of at least $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination. The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units we are offering, including the application of the related gross proceeds and the payment of the estimated remaining costs from such sale and the repayment of the accrued and other liabilities required to be repaid. The “as adjusted” working capital and total assets amounts include the $100,000,000 to be held in the trust account, which, except for limited situations described in this prospectus, will be available to us only upon the consummation of a business combination within the time period described in this prospectus. If a business combination is not so consummated, the trust account, less amounts we are permitted to withdraw as described in this prospectus, will be distributed solely to our public stockholders (subject to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors). We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. ( 16 ) Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related to the offering, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. This prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below. Risks Associated with Our Business We are a newly formed company with no operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a newly formed company with no operating results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public offering of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to consummate an initial business combination. We have not conducted any substantive discussions and we have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective acquisition candidates. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination. Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.” As of December 31, 2018, we had $340,178 in cash and a working capital of $326,190. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to consummate a business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 12 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) before receiving distributions from the trust account. We have 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) in which to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless (i) we consummate a business combination prior thereto or (ii) we seek to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation prior to consummation of a business combination, and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert or sell their shares to us. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from the trust account if we are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors’ funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares, warrants or rights, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. We will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. ( 17 ) Table of Contents If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Our initial stockholders have agreed (i) to vote any of the founders’ shares held by the initial stockholders in favor of any proposed business combination, (ii) not to convert any such shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (iii) not to sell any such shares to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,710,001, or approximately 37.1%, of the 10,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming (i) the over-allotment option is not exercised, (ii) all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting and (iii) that the 80,000 shares to be issued to the representative of the underwriters are issued and outstanding and are voted in favor of the business combination ). .Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders agreed to vote the founders’ shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, since we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities, require us to complete a business combination within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration statement and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, our units will be immediately tradable, we will be entitled to withdraw amounts from the funds held in the trust account prior to the completion of a business combination and we will have a longer period of time to complete such a business combination than we would if we were subject to such rule. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, a stockholder or a “group” of stockholders holding a substantial portion of our common stock may influence our ability to complete our business combination. Unlike other blank check companies, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated articles of incorporation will not provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), holding in excess of a certain percentage of shares offered in our initial public offering will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any shares they hold in excess of such percentage. The ability of any such stockholder to redeem all their shares will increase their influence over our ability to complete our business combination and could make it more difficult for us to complete such business combination. If we determine to change our acquisition criteria or guidelines, many of the disclosures contained in this prospectus would be rendered irrelevant and you would be investing in our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire. We could seek to deviate from the acquisition criteria or guidelines disclosed in this prospectus although we have no current intention to do so. For instance, we currently anticipate acquiring a target business with a consistent historical financial performance. However, we are not obligated to do so and may determine to merge with or acquire a company with no operating history if the terms of the transaction are determined by us to be favorable to our public stockholders. In such event, many of the acquisition criteria and guidelines set forth in this prospectus would be rendered irrelevant. We could also seek to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation to provide us with more time to complete an initial business combination. Accordingly, investors may be making an investment in our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire. ( 18 ) Table of Contents We may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. Immediately after this offering and the private placement of private warrants, there will be 120,620,000 (assuming that the underwriters have not exercised their over-allotment option) authorized but unissued shares common stock available for issuance, which amount takes into account 80,000 shares issued to underwriters, shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants (including the private warrants and the underwriters’ warrants), 1,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of the rights and excluding the 300,000 shares issuable to Kin Sze, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and directors within 10 days following the business combination. Immediately after this offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Although we have no commitment as of the date of this offering, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete a business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common stock will not reduce the per-share conversion amount in the trust account. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: • may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in this offering; • may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; • may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. If we incur indebtedness, our lenders will not have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion amount in the trust account. If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , we may be unable to complete a business combination. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates will be accurate. Accordingly, if we use all of the funds held outside of the trust account, we may not have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close an initial business combination. In such event, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount that they deem reasonable in their sole discretion for our working capital needs. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. ( 19 ) Table of Contents If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be less than $10.00. Our placing of funds in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public stockholders. If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute the proceeds held in trust to our public stockholders, our sponsor has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in this prospectus) that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per public share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. However, it may not be able to meet such obligation. Therefore, the per-share distribution from the trust account may be less than $10.00, plus interest, due to such claims. Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public stockholders at least $10.00 (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full six months, as described in more detail in this prospectus). We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we will continue in existence only until 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) . If we have not completed a business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties will not seek to recover from our stockholders amounts owed to them by us. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after expiration of the time we have to complete an initial business combination, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our directors may decide not to enforce our sponsor’s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per public share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy his obligations or that he has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a “cashless basis.” If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis” provided that an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. ( 20 ) Table of Contents An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. No warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants and/or rights reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold and may be subject to redemption. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. We may amend the terms of the rights in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding rights. Our rights will be issued in registered form under a rights agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent, and us. The rights agreement provides that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The rights agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding rights in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Because we are not limited to a particular industry or target business with which to complete a business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. We may consummate a business combination with a company in any industry we choose and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business, although we intend to focus on companies which provide financial services in Asia, primarily China. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. Our ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. The role of our key personnel after a business combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. ( 21 ) Table of Contents Our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. We may consummate a business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose, although we intend to focus on companies which provide financial services in Asia, primarily China. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating their time between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. All of our officers and directors are engaged in other business endeavors and are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our affairs. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that these conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors, have agreed to waive their right to convert their founders’ shares or any other shares purchased in this offering or thereafter, or to receive distributions from the trust account with respect to their founders’ shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a business combination. Accordingly, the shares acquired prior to this offering, as well as the private warrants and the securities underlying the private warrants, will be worthless if we do not consummate a business combination. The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. Certain of our officers have, and any of our officers and directors or their affiliates may in the future have, fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Certain of our directors have, and any of our officers and directors or their affiliates may in the future have, fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. For a more detailed description of the pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations of our management team, and the potential conflicts of interest that such obligations may present, see the section titled “ Management — Conflicts of Interest .” Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. We will be required to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. ( 22 ) Table of Contents Nasdaq may delist our securities from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We have applied to have our units listed on Nasdaq. We expect that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on the date of this prospectus. Following the date the shares of our common stock, warrants and rights are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our common stock, warrants and rights will be listed separately on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you, however, that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: • a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; • a determination that our shares of common stock are “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock; • a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and • a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our common stock, warrants and rights will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, common stock, warrants and rights are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. We are an “emerging growth company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three year period exceeds $1 billion or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares of common stock less attractive because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. ( 23 ) Table of Contents We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. It is likely we will consummate a business combination with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: • solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or • dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination. Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. The ability of our stockholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. If our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many stockholders may exercise conversion rights or seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us. In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. We may require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders’ option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. If, in connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. If we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System as described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities. ( 24 ) Table of Contents Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination may delay the consummation of such a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding warrants and rights, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Because we have not yet identified any prospective target business, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares from dissenting stockholders, we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after a business combination. Our initial stockholders will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. Upon consummation of our offering, our stockholders prior to the offering will own approximately 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). None of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of stockholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned by them immediately before this offering as well as any shares of common stock acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There may not be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business combination. Our initial stockholders paid an aggregate of $555,000, or approximately $0.20 per share, for the founders’ shares and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of common stock. The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the common stock and none to the warrants and rights included in the units) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to the investors in this offering. Our initial stockholders acquired the founders’ shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon consummation of this offering, you and the other new investors will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 87.0% or $8.70 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share $1.30, and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit). This is because investors in this offering will be contributing approximately 99.4% of the total amount paid to us for our outstanding securities after this offering but will only own 81.0% of our outstanding securities. Accordingly, the per-share purchase price you will be paying substantially exceeds our per share net tangible book value. ( 25 ) Table of Contents Our outstanding warrants and rights may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effect a business combination. We will be issuing warrants to purchase 10,000,000 shares of common stock and rights convertible into 1,000,000 shares of common stock as part of the units offered by this prospectus (or warrants to purchase 11,500,000 shares of common stock and rights convertible into 1,150,000 shares of common stock if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), private warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock (or private warrants to purchase 5,375,000 shares of common stock if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) and 800,000 warrants (or 920,000 warrants if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) issued to the underwriters. We may also issue other warrants to our sponsor, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us as described in this prospectus. To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effect a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants and conversion of these rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised and converted, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants and rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants and rights could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants are exercised or rights are converted, you may experience dilution to your holdings. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per share; (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our management’s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor, officers or directors, other purchasers of our private warrants, or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company. We have no obligation to net cash settle the warrants. In no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the warrants. Furthermore, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the warrants upon exercise of the warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. If our security holders exercise their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination. Our initial shareholders are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of their insider shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us are entitled to demand that we register the resale of such warrants (and the underlying shares of common stock) commencing at any time after we consummate an initial business combination. The presence of these additional shares of common stock trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the stockholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our shares of common stock. ( 26 ) Table of Contents If we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination. A company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account, it is possible that we could be deemed an investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in trust may be invested by the trustee only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including: • restrictions on the nature of our investments; and • restrictions on the issuance of securities. In addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: • registration as an investment company; • adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and • reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. Compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. The determination for the offering price of our units is more arbitrary compared with the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry. Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants and rights were negotiated between us and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the shares of common stock, warrants and rights underlying the units, include: • the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; • prior offerings of those companies; • our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; • our capital structure; • an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; and • general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering. However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results to compare them to. If we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. We must conduct a due diligence investigation of the target businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular target business, and factors outside the control of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence fails to identify issues specific to a target business, industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our common stock. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. ( 27 ) Table of Contents The requirement that we complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination. We have 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) to complete an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limit referenced above. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We must complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) . We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period or we may be unable to consummate a business combination due to a downturn in industry or economic conditions or due to other factors that may occur. If we have not completed our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. We will only be required to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion and they may not be able to rely on such opinion. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly, investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. Resources could be spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. It is anticipated that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require that we have such system of internal controls audited beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending September 30, 2020. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or stockholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management’s evaluation of our system of internal controls. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. ( 28 ) Table of Contents Provisions in our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws and Nevada law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since our “staggered board” may prevent our stockholders from replacing a majority of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock. We may also be subject to anti-takeover provisions under Nevada law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards, we will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target businesses unless their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. Additionally, to the extent we furnish our stockholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, such financial statements will need to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire. There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. There is currently no market for our securities. Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. ( 29 ) Table of Contents We may be subject to an increased rate of tax on our income if we are treated as a personal holding company. Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that we could be treated as a “personal holding company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a personal holding company for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if more than 50% of its ownership (by value) is concentrated, within a certain period of time, in five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts), and at least 60% of its income is comprised of certain passive items. See the section titled “ Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations — Personal Holding Company Status ” for more detailed information. There may be tax consequences to our business combination that may adversely affect us. While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation will provide, subject to limited exceptions, that the Clark County Business Court of the State of Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Clark County Business Court in the State of Nevada and, if brought outside of Nevada, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated articles of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. However, there is no assurance that a court would enforce the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated articles of incorporation . If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated articles of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. However, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business Outside of the United States If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: • rules and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; • tariffs and trade barriers; • regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • longer payment cycles; • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; • currency fluctuations and exchange controls; • rates of inflation; • challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • cultural and language differences; • employment regulations; • crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and • deterioration of political relations with the United States which could result in any number of difficulties, both normal course such as above or extraordinary such as sanctions being imposed. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. ( 30 ) Table of Contents If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations after we acquire it, our results of operations may be negatively impacted following a business combination. Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Management of the target business that we may hire (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. Many countries, and especially those in emerging markets, have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition. Rules and regulations in many countries, including some of the emerging markets within the regions we will initially focus, are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent. Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. The economies in developing markets we will initially focus on, such as China, differ from the economies of most developed countries in many respects. Such economic growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. Because our business objective includes the possibility of acquiring one or more operating businesses with primary operations in emerging markets we will focus on, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the currency of any relevant jurisdiction may affect our ability to achieve such objective. For instance, the exchange rates between Chinese Yuan and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. If the U.S. dollar declines in value against the relevant currency, any business combination will be more expensive and therefore more difficult to complete. Furthermore, we may incur costs in connection with conversions between U.S. dollars and the relevant currency, which may make it more difficult to consummate a business combination. ( 31 ) Table of Contents Because foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of such foreign jurisdiction’s legal system. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. Judiciaries in such jurisdiction may also be relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities. Corporate governance standards in foreign countries may not be as strict or developed as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues and operational practices that are detrimental to a target business. General corporate governance standards in some countries are weak in that they do not prevent business practices that cause unfavorable related party transactions, over-leveraging, improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not go far to prevent improper business practices. Therefore, stockholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result of poor management practices, asset shifting, conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall company, and cronyism. The lack of transparency and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation and weakness that may precipitate or encourage financial crisis. In our evaluation of a business combination we will have to evaluate the corporate governance of a target and the business environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies take steps to implement practices that will cause compliance with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these intended efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. Companies in foreign countries may be subject to accounting, auditing, regulatory and financial standards and requirements that differ, in some cases significantly, from those applicable to public companies in the United States, which may make it more difficult or complex to consummate a business combination. In particular, the assets and profits appearing on the financial statements of a foreign company may not reflect its financial position or results of operations in the way they would be reflected had such financial statements been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and there may be substantially less publicly available information about companies in certain jurisdictions than there is about comparable United States companies. Moreover, foreign companies may not be subject to the same degree of regulation as are United States companies with respect to such matters as insider trading rules, tender offer regulation, stockholder proxy requirements and the timely disclosure of information. Legal principles relating to corporate affairs and the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities and stockholders’ rights for foreign corporations may differ from those that may apply in the U.S., which may make the consummation of a business combination with a foreign company more difficult. We therefore may have more difficulty in achieving our business objective. Because a foreign judiciary may determine the scope and enforcement of almost all of our target business’ material agreements under the law of such foreign jurisdiction, we may be unable to enforce our rights inside and outside of such jurisdiction. The law of a foreign jurisdiction, may govern almost all of our target business’ material agreements, some of which may be with governmental agencies in such jurisdiction. We cannot assure you that the target business or businesses will be able to enforce any of their material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of such jurisdiction. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements may have a material adverse impact on our future operations. A slowdown in economic growth in the markets that our business target operates in may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, the value of its equity shares and the trading price of our shares following our business combination. Following the business combination, our results of operations and financial condition may be dependent on, and may be adversely affected by, conditions in financial markets in the global economy, and, particularly in the markets where the business operates. The specific economy could be adversely affected by various factors such as political or regulatory action, including adverse changes in liberalization policies, business corruption, social disturbances, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, natural calamities, interest rates, inflation, commodity and energy prices and various other factors which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, value of our equity shares and the trading price of our shares following the business combination. ( 32 ) Table of Contents Regional hostilities, terrorist attacks, communal disturbances, civil unrest and other acts of violence or war may result in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the value of our equity shares and trading price of our shares following our business combination. Terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence or war may negatively affect the markets in which we may operates our business following our business combination and also adversely affect the worldwide financial markets. In addition, the countries we will focus on, have from time to time experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among or between neighboring countries. Any such hostilities and tensions may result in investor concern about stability in the region, which may adversely affect the value of our equity shares and the trading price of our shares following our business combination. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest, could influence the economy in which our business target operates, and could have an adverse effect on our business, including the value of equity shares and the trading price of our shares following our business combination. The occurrence of natural disasters may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations following our business combination. The occurrence of natural disasters, including hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires and pandemic disease may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations following our business combination. The potential impact of a natural disaster on our results of operations and financial position is speculative, and would depend on numerous factors. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on a given economy. Although the long term effect of diseases such as the H5N1 “avian flu,” or H1N1, the swine flu, cannot currently be predicted, previous occurrences of avian flu and swine flu had an adverse effect on the economies of those countries in which they were most prevalent. An outbreak of a communicable disease in our market could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations following our business combination. We cannot assure you that natural disasters will not occur in the future or that its business, financial condition and results of operations will not be adversely affected. Any downgrade of credit ratings of the country in which the company we acquire does business may adversely affect our ability to raise debt financing following our business combination. No assurance can be given that any rating organization will not downgrade the credit ratings of the sovereign foreign currency long-term debt of the country in which our business target operates, which reflect an assessment of the overall financial capacity of the government of such country to pay its obligations and its ability to meet its financial commitments as they become due. Any downgrade could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively impact both the perception of credit risk associated with our future variable rate debt and our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms in the future. This could have an adverse effect on our financial condition following our business combination. Returns on investment in foreign companies may be decreased by withholding and other taxes. Our investments will incur tax risk unique to investment in developing economies. Income that might otherwise not be subject to withholding of local income tax under normal international conventions may be subject to withholding of income tax in a developing economy. Additionally, proof of payment of withholding taxes may be required as part of the remittance procedure. Any withholding taxes paid by us on income from our investments in such country may or may not be creditable on our income tax returns. We intend to seek to minimize any withholding tax or local tax otherwise imposed. However, there is no assurance that the foreign tax authorities will recognize application of such treaties to achieve a minimization of such tax. We may also elect to create foreign subsidiaries to effect the business combinations to attempt to limit the potential tax consequences of a business combination. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Target Business with its Primary Operation in China As set forth herein, our efforts in identifying a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular country, although we intend to focus on companies with operations or prospects in the financial services sector in China, including Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China. Accordingly, in addition to the risk factors referred above, we have set forth some of the primary risks we have identified in seeking to consummate our initial business combination with a company having its primary operations in and/or important economic relationships with the PRC. ( 33 ) Table of Contents As a result of merger and acquisition regulations implemented on September 8, 2006 (amended on June 22, 2009) relating to acquisitions of assets and equity interests of Chinese companies by foreign persons, we may not be able to complete a PRC transaction in a timely manner. On September 8, 2006, the Ministry of Commerce, together with several other government agencies, promulgated the Regulations on Merger and Acquisition of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (the “M&A Regulations”, including its amendment on June 22, 2009), which implemented a comprehensive set of regulations governing the approval process by which a Chinese company may participate in an acquisition of its assets or its equity interests and by which a Chinese company may obtain public trading of its securities on a securities exchange outside the PRC. Although there was a complex series of regulations in place prior to September 8, 2006 for approval of Chinese enterprises that were administered by a combination of provincial and centralized agencies, the M&A Regulations have largely centralized and expanded the approval process to the Ministry of Commerce, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce (“SAIC”), the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”) or its branch offices, the State Asset Supervision and Administration Commission (“SASAC”), and the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”). Depending on the structure of the transaction, these M&A Regulations will require the Chinese parties to make a series of applications and supplemental applications to one or more of the aforementioned agencies, some of which must be made within strict time limits and depending on approvals from one or the other of the aforementioned agencies. The application process has been supplemented to require the presentation of economic data concerning a transaction, including appraisals of the business to be acquired and evaluations of the acquirer which will permit the government to assess the economics of a transaction in addition to the compliance with legal requirements. If obtained, approvals will have expiration dates by which a transaction must be completed. Also, completed transactions must be reported to the Ministry of Commerce and some of the other agencies within a short period after closing or be subject to an unwinding of the transaction. Therefore, acquisitions in China may not be able to be completed because the terms of the transaction may not satisfy aspects of the approval process and may not be completed, even if approved, if they are not consummated within the time permitted by the approvals granted. Compliance with the PRC Antitrust law may limit our ability to effect our initial business combination. The PRC Antitrust Law became effective on August 1, 2008. The government authorities in charge of antitrust matters in China are the Antitrust Commission and other antitrust authorities under the State Council. The PRC Antitrust Law regulates (1) monopoly agreements, including decisions or actions in concert that preclude or impede competition, entered into by business operators; (2) abuse of dominant market position by business operators; and (3) concentration of business operators that may have the effect of precluding or impeding competition. To implement the Antitrust Law, in 2008, the State Council formulated the regulations that require filing of concentration of business operators, pursuant to which concentration of business operators refers to (1) merger with other business operators; (2) gaining control over other business operators through acquisition of equity interest or assets of other business operators; and (3) gaining control over other business operators through exerting influence on other business operators through contracts or other means. In 2009, the Ministry of Commerce, to which the Antitrust Commission is affiliated, promulgated the Measures for Filing of Concentration of Business Operators (amended by the Guidelines for Filing of Concentration of Business Operators in 2014), which set forth the criteria of concentration and the requirement of miscellaneous documents for the purpose of filing. The business combination we contemplate may be considered the concentration of business operators, and to the extent required by the Antitrust Law and the criteria established by the State Council, we must file with the antitrust authority under the PRC State Council prior to conducting the contemplated business combination. If the antitrust authority decides not to further investigate whether the contemplated business combination has the effect of precluding or impeding competition or fails to make a decision within 30 days from receipt of relevant materials, we may proceed to consummate the contemplated business combination. If antitrust authority decides to prohibit the contemplated business combination after further investigation, we must terminate such business combination and would then be forced to either attempt to complete a new business combination if it was prior to 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) or we would be required to return any amounts which were held in the trust account to our stockholders. When we evaluate a potential business combination, we will consider the need to comply with the Antitrust Law and other relevant regulations which may limit our ability to effect an acquisition or may result in our modifying or not pursuing a particular transaction. If, due to restrictions on foreign investment in a target business, we have to acquire the business through the use of contractual arrangements and the PRC government determines that such contractual arrangements do not comply with foreign investment regulations, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations in the PRC change or new restrictive or prohibitive regulations come into force in the future, we could be subject to significant penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. Because of the above mentioned industrial restrictions, foreign investors often acquire control of PRC business through the use of contractual arrangements pursuant to which they effectively control the PRC business. There are uncertainties as to whether such contractual arrangements comply with the regulations prohibiting or restricting foreign ownership in certain industries. In addition, even if such arrangements are not in violation of current regulations, such regulations are subject to change in the future and may be broadened to further restrict foreign investments in new industries or new category of assets. If we or any of our potential future target businesses are found to be in violation of any existing or future local laws or regulations with respect to foreign investment in local entities (for example, if we are deemed to be holding equity interests in certain of our affiliated entities in which direct foreign ownership is prohibited), the relevant regulatory authorities might have the discretion to: • revoke the business and operating licenses of the potential future target business; • confiscate relevant income and impose fines and other penalties; • discontinue or restrict the operations of the potential future target business; • require us or potential future target business to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; • restrict or prohibit our use of the proceeds of this offering to finance the target businesses and its operations; • impose conditions or requirements with which we or potential future target business may not be able to comply; or • require us to discontinue a portion or all of our business. ( 34 ) Table of Contents The imposition of any of the above penalties could result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business as well as our financial situation and we might be forced to relinquish our interests in operations. If we have to acquire a target business through contractual arrangements with, or which results in, one or more operating businesses in China, such contracts may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership of such businesses. The government of the PRC has restricted or limited foreign ownership of certain kinds of assets and companies operating in certain industries. The industry groups that are restricted are wide ranging, including certain aspects of telecommunications, advertising, food production and heavy equipment manufacturers, for example. In addition, there can be restrictions on the foreign ownership of businesses that are determined from time to time to be in “important industries” that may affect the national economic security or having “famous Chinese brand names” or “well established Chinese brand names.” Subject to the review and approval requirements of the Ministry of Commerce and other relevant agencies as discussed elsewhere for acquisitions of assets and companies in the PRC and subject to the various percentage ownership limitations that exist from time to time, acquisitions involving foreign investors and parties in the various restricted categories of assets and industries may nonetheless sometimes be consummated using contractual arrangements with permitted Chinese parties. To the extent such agreements are employed, they may be for control of specific assets such as intellectual property or control of blocks of the equity ownership interests of a company which may provide exceptions to the merger and acquisition regulations mentioned above since these types of arrangements typically do not involve a change of equity ownership in PRC operating company. The agreements would be designed to provide our company with the economic benefits of and control over the subject assets or equity interests similar to the rights of full ownership, while leaving the technical ownership in the hands of Chinese parties who would be our nominees and, therefore, may exempt the transaction from the merger and acquisition regulations, including the application process required thereunder. However, there has been limited implementation guidance provided with respect to the merger and acquisition regulations. There can be no assurance the relevant government agencies would not apply them to a business combination effected through contractual arrangements. If such an agency determines such an application should have made, consequences may include levying fines, revoking business and other licenses, requiring restructure of ownership or operations and requiring discontinuation of any portion of all of the acquired business. These agreements likely also would provide for increased ownership or full ownership and control by us when and if permitted under PRC law and regulation. If we choose to effect our initial business combination that employs the use of these types of control arrangements, we may have difficulty in enforcing our rights. Therefore, these contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us with the same economic benefits, accounting consolidation or control over a target business as would direct ownership. For example, if the target business or any other entity fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend substantial resources to enforce such arrangements, and rely on legal remedies under Chinese law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure will be sufficient to off-set the cost of enforcement and may adversely affect the benefits we expect to receive from the business combination. Regulations relating to the transfer of state-owned property rights in enterprises may increase the cost of our acquisitions and impose an additional administrative burden on us. The legislation governing the acquisition of a China state-owned company contains stringent governmental regulations. The transfer of state-owned property rights in enterprises must take place through a government approved “state-owned asset exchange,” and the value of the transferred property rights must be evaluated by those Chinese appraisal firms qualified to do “state-owned assets evaluation.” The final price must not be less than 90% of the appraisal price. Additionally, bidding/auction procedures are essential in the event that there is more than one potential transferee. In the case of an acquisition by foreign investors of state-owned enterprises, the acquirer and the seller must make a resettlement plan to properly resettle the employees, and the resettlement plan must be approved by the Employees’ Representative Congress. The seller must pay all unpaid wages and social welfare payments from the existing assets of the target company to the employees. These regulations may adversely affect our ability to acquire a state-owned business or assets. Exchange controls that exist in the PRC may restrict or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to acquire a target company in PRC and limit our ability to utilize our cash flow effectively following our initial business combination. SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or Circular 19, effective on June 1, 2015, in replacement of the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 142, the Notice from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Exchange Businesses, or Circular 59, and the Circular on Further Clarification and Regulation of the Issues Concerning the Administration of Certain Capital Account Foreign Exchange Businesses, or Circular 45. According to Circular 19, the flow and use of the RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such that RMB capital may not be used for the issuance of RMB entrusted loans, the repayment of inter-enterprise loans or the repayment of banks loans that have been transferred to a third party. Although Circular 19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise to be used for equity investments within the PRC, it also reiterates the principle that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope. Thus, it is unclear whether SAFE will permit such capital to be used for equity investments in the PRC in actual practice. SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital Account, or Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, which reiterates some of the rules set forth in Circular 19, but changes the prohibition against using RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company to issue RMB entrusted loans to a prohibition against using such capital to issue loans to non-associated enterprises. Violations of SAFE Circular 19 and Circular 16 could result in administrative penalties. As such, Circular 19 and Circular 16 may significantly limit our ability to transfer the proceeds of this offering to a PRC target company and the use of such proceeds by the PRC target company. In addition, following our initial business combination with a PRC target company, we will be subject to the PRC’s rules and regulations on currency conversion. In the PRC, the SAFE regulates the conversion of the Renminbi into foreign currencies. Currently, FIEs are required to apply to the SAFE for “Foreign Exchange Registration Certificates for FIEs.” Following our initial business combination, we will likely be an FIE as a result of our ownership structure. With such registration certificates, which need to be renewed annually, FIEs are allowed to open foreign currency accounts including a “basic account” and “capital account.” Currency conversion within the scope of the “basic account,” such as remittance of foreign currencies for payment of dividends, can be effected without requiring the approval of the SAFE. However, conversion of currency in the “capital account,” including capital items such as direct investment, loans and securities, still require approval of the SAFE. We cannot assure you the PRC regulatory authorities will not impose further restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi. Any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use the proceeds of this offering in an initial business combination with a PRC target company and the use our cash flow for the distribution of dividends to our stockholders or to fund operations we may have outside of the PRC. ( 35 ) Table of Contents Our initial business combination may be subject to national security review by the PRC government and we may have to spend additional resources and incur additional time delays to complete any such business combination or be prevented from pursuing certain investment opportunities. On February 3, 2011, the PRC government issued a Notice Concerning the Establishment of Security Review Procedure on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or Security Review Regulations, which became effective on March 5, 2011. The Security Review Regulations cover acquisitions by foreign investors of a broad range of PRC enterprises if such acquisitions could result in de facto control by foreign investors and the enterprises are relating to military, national defense, important agriculture products, important energy and natural resources, important infrastructures, important transportation services, key technologies and important equipment manufacturing. The scope of the review includes whether the acquisition will impact the national security, economic and social stability, and the research and development capabilities on key national security related technologies. Foreign investors should submit a security review application to the Department of Commerce for its initial review for contemplated acquisition. If the acquisition is considered to be within the scope of the Security Review Regulations, the Department of Commerce will transfer the application to a joint security review committee within five business days for further review. The joint security review committee, consisting of members from various PRC government agencies, will conduct a general review and seek comments from relevant government agencies. The joint security review committee may initiate a further special review and request the termination or restructuring of the contemplated acquisition if it determines that the acquisition will result in significant national security issue. The Security Review Regulations will potentially subject a large number of mergers and acquisitions transactions by foreign investors in China to an additional layer of regulatory review. Currently, there is significant uncertainty as to the implication of the Security Review Regulations. Neither the Department of Commerce nor other PRC government agencies have issued any detailed rules for the implementation of the Security Review Regulations. If, for example, our potential initial business combination is with a target company operating in the PRC in any of the sensitive sectors identified above, the transaction will be subject to the Security Review Regulations, and we may have to spend additional resources and incur additional time delays to complete any such acquisition. We may also be prevented from pursuing certain investment opportunities if the PRC government considers that the potential investments will result in a significant national security issue. If we successfully consummate a business combination with a target business with its primary operation in the PRC, we will be subject to restrictions on dividend payments following consummation of our initial business combination. After we consummate our initial business combination, we may rely on dividends and other distributions from our operating company to provide us with cash flow and to meet our other obligations. Current regulations in China would permit our operating company in China to pay dividends to us only out of its accumulated distributable profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, our operating company in China will be required to set aside at least 10% (up to an aggregate amount equal to half of its registered capital) of its accumulated profits each year. Such cash reserve may not be distributed as cash dividends. In addition, if our operating company in China incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. If we make equity compensation grants to persons who are PRC citizens, they may be required to register with the SAFE. We may also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt equity compensation plans for our directors and employees and other parties under PRC laws. On April 6, 2007, SAFE issued the “Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company, also known as “Circular 78.” It is not clear whether Circular 78 covers all forms of equity compensation plans or only those which provide for the granting of shares options. For any plans which are so covered and are adopted by a non-PRC listed company, such as our company, after April 6, 2007, Circular 78 requires all participants who are PRC citizens to register with and obtain approvals from SAFE prior to their participation in the plan. In addition, Circular 78 also requires PRC citizens to register with SAFE and make the necessary applications and filings if they participated in an overseas listed company’s covered equity compensation plan prior to April 6, 2007. We believe that the registration and approval requirements contemplated in Circular 78 will be burdensome and time consuming. Upon consummation of business combination with a target business with primary operations in PRC, we may adopt an equity incentive plan and make shares option grants under the plan to our officers, directors and employees, whom may be PRC citizens and be required to register with SAFE. If it is determined that any of our equity compensation plans are subject to Circular 78, failure to comply with such provisions may subject us and participants of our equity incentive plan who are PRC citizens to fines and legal sanctions and prevent us from being able to grant equity compensation to our PRC employees. In that case, our ability to compensate our employees and directors through equity compensation would be hindered and our business operations may be adversely affected. ( 36 ) Table of Contents Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the framework rules of the PRC Foreign Investment Law, and its application may require further rules to be issued by Chinese government, which may impact the viability of our corporate structure and business operations should we directly acquire equity interests of one or more target companies that fall within a restricted industry under the “negative list” in connection with our initial business combination. On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC aiming to replace the major existing laws governing foreign direct investment in China. The Foreign Investment Law will become effective from January 1, 2020. The Foreign Investment Law applies to PRC enterprises established, acquired or otherwise invested wholly or partially by foreign investors in a manner prescribed under applicable PRC laws and regulations. It also governs investment projects and activities in China by foreign investors. Under the Foreign Investment Law, a “negative list’ promulgated or approved by the State Council will set forth industries that are prohibited industries and restricted industries. A foreign investor is prohibited to invest in any prohibited industry included therein. If a foreign investor is found to invest in any prohibited industry set forth under the “negative list”, such foreign investor may be required to, among other aspects, suspend its investment activities, dispose of its equity interests or assets of the “foreign invested enterprise” (“FIE”) and forfeit its income. A foreign investor may be permitted to invest in a restricted industry set forth in the “negative list”, provided that relevant conditions are satisfied and certain approvals are obtained from relevant Chinese governmental authorities. With respect to industries in which foreign investment is not prohibited or restricted, domestic and foreign investors will be equally treated. The National Development and Reform Commission and the MOFCOM issued a “negative list” on June 28, 2018, which took effect on July 28, 2018. In addition to prohibited industries, such “negative List” sets forth certain special conditions for foreign investors to invest in restricted industries, including, among other aspects, requirements relating to controlling shareholder, shareholding percentage, organization model and board members. Although we do not currently anticipate to do so, we may directly acquire equity interests of one or more entities in China in connection with our initial business combination that fall within a restricted industry under the “negative list.” In such event, we will be required to obtain entry clearance and approvals from the MOFCOM or its local counterparts and other relevant PRC government agencies. As such, there may be substantial uncertainties as to whether we can complete these actions in a timely manner, or at all, and our business and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. ( 37 ) Table of Contents Enhanced scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may pursue in the future. The PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of certain taxable assets, including, in particular, equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by a non-resident enterprise by promulgating and implementing SAT Circular 59 and Circular 698, which became effective in January 2008, and a Circular 7 in replacement of some of the existing rules in Circular 698, which became effective in February 2015. Under Circular 698, where a non-resident enterprise conducts an “indirect transfer” by transferring the equity interests of a PRC “resident enterprise” indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise, being the transferor, may be subject to PRC corporate income tax, if the indirect transfer is considered to be an abusive use of company structure without reasonable commercial purposes. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of up to 10%. Circular 698 also provides that, where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value, the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction. In February 2015, the SAT issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced a new tax regime that is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect transfers set forth under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets, through the offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate holding company. In addition, Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular 698 on how to assess reasonable commercial purposes and has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an “indirect transfer” by transferring the taxable assets indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise being the transferor, or the transferee, or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority such indirect transfer. Using a “substance over form” principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC corporate income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10% for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise. We face uncertainties on the reporting and consequences on future private equity financing transactions, share exchange or other transactions involving the transfer of shares in our company by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises. The PRC tax authorities may pursue such non-resident enterprises with respect to a filing or the transferees with respect to withholding obligation, and request our PRC subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result, we and non-resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject to filing obligations or being taxed, under Circular 59 or Circular 698 and Circular 7, and may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Circular 59, Circular 698 and Circular 7 or to establish that we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under these circulars, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The PRC tax authorities have the discretion under SAT Circular 59, Circular 698 and Circular 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. Although we currently have no plans to pursue any acquisitions in China or elsewhere in the world, we may pursue acquisitions in the future that may involve complex corporate structures. If we are considered a non-resident enterprise under the PRC corporate income tax law and if the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the transactions under SAT Circular 59 or Circular 698 and Circular 7, our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions will be increased, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. ( 38 ) Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this prospectus that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about our: • ability to complete our initial business combination; • success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; • officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; • potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination; • pool of prospective target businesses; • ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; • potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; • public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; • the lack of a market for our securities; • expectations regarding the time during which we will be an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act; • use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or • financial performance following this offering. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. ( 39 ) Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, in addition to the funds we will receive from the sale of the private warrants (all of which will be deposited into the trust account), will be as set forth in the following table: Without Over-Allotment Option Over-Allotment Option Exercised Gross proceeds From offering $ 100,000,000 $ 115,000,000 From private placement 5,000,000 5,375,000 Total gross proceeds 105,000,000 120,375,000 Offering expenses (1) Underwriting discount (2.5% of the gross proceeds from the units sold to public) 2,500,000 (2) 2,875,000 (2) Legal fees and expenses 280,000 280,000 Nasdaq Listing Fees 50,000 50,000 Printing and engraving expenses 15,000 15,000 Accounting fees and expenses 30,000 30,000 FINRA filing fee 19,544 19,544 SEC registration fee 16,782 16,782 Miscellaneous expenses 88,674 88,674 Total expenses (excluding underwriting discount) 500,000 500,000 Net proceeds Held in trust 100,000,000 115,000,000 % of public offering size 100 % 100 % Not held in trust 2,000,000 2,000,000 Total net proceeds $ 102,000,000 $ 117,000,000 Use of net proceeds not held in trust (3)(4) Amount Percentage Legal, accounting and other third party expenses attendant to the search for target businesses and to the due diligence investigation, structuring and negotiation of a business combination $ 700,000 35.0 % Due diligence of prospective target businesses by officers, directors and sponsor 500,000 25.0 % Legal and accounting fees relating to SEC reporting obligations 100,000 5.0 % Directors & Officers liability insurance premiums 100,000 5.0 % Working capital to cover fees to officers and directors, miscellaneous expenses, general corporate purposes, liquidation obligations and reserves 600,000 30.0 % Total $ 2,000,000 100.0 % (1) A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee, the non-refundable portion of the Nasdaq listing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from the funds we received from our sponsor for the founder shares. (2) Assuming all of the gross proceeds of the offering were raised through underwriter’s effort. No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the private warrants. In the event we raise up to $15,000,000 in this offering through our own effort, the underwriting discount on such proceeds shall be reduced to 0.1%. (3) The amount of proceeds not held in trust will remain constant at approximately $2,000,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised. Does not include interest earned on the trust proceeds that may be available to us, as described elsewhere in this prospectus. (4) These are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of that business combination. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would be deducted from our excess working capital. ( 40 ) Table of Contents Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 private warrants at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The founder’s units are identical to the units sold in this offering subject to certain limited exceptions as described elsewhere in this prospectus. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. $100,000,000, or $115,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private warrants will be placed in a trust account at Morgan Stanley, N.A., maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, as trustee. The funds held in trust will be invested only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraph (d) under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our tax obligations and dissolution expenses, the proceeds will not be released from the trust account until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. The proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete a business combination. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business. Other than the monthly fees and equity awards payable to officers and directors for their services to us as described elsewhere in this prospectus, no compensation of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such entity and individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. There is no limit on the amount of such expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Since the role of present management after a business combination is uncertain, we have no ability to determine what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after a business combination. Regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the net proceeds from this offering available to us out of trust for our working capital requirements in searching for a business combination will be approximately $2,000,000. We intend to use the proceeds for miscellaneous expenses such as paying fees to consultants or advisors to assist us with our search for a target business, with the balance being held in reserve in the event due diligence, legal, accounting and other expenses of structuring and negotiating business combinations exceed our estimates, as well as for reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our sponsor, officers and directors in connection with activities on our behalf as described below. The allocation of the net proceeds available to us outside of the trust account represents our best estimate of the intended uses of these funds. In the event that our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, we may reallocate some of such proceeds within the above described categories. If our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. ( 41 ) Table of Contents We may use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the proceeds held in the trust account which are not used to consummate a business combination (including to pay converting stockholders as described herein) will be disbursed to the combined company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. To the extent we are unable to consummate a business combination, we will pay the costs of liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account and any available interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that we are permitted to withdraw. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, we will have sufficient available funds to operate for the next 12 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. However, if necessary, in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. ( 42 ) Table of Contents DIVIDEND POLICY We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. ( 43 ) Table of Contents DILUTION The difference between the public offering price per share of common stock, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants and rights included in the units we are offering pursuant to this prospectus or the private placement warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private warrants, which would cause the actual dilution to the public stockholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is utilized. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. At December 31, 2018, our net tangible book value was $326,190, or approximately $0.13 per share of common stock. For purposes of the dilution calculation, in order to present the maximum estimated dilution as a result of this offering, we have assumed (i) the issuance of 0.10 of a share for each right outstanding, as such issuance will occur upon a business combination without the payment of additional consideration and (ii) the number of shares of common stock included in the units offered hereby will be deemed to be 11,000,000 (consisting of 10,000,000 shares of common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and 1,000,000 shares of common stock for the outstanding rights), and the price per share in this offering will be deemed to be $10.00. After giving effect to the sale of 10,000,000 shares of common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the sale of the private warrants and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at December 31, 2018 would have been $5,000,001 or $1.30 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of the approximately 9,739,119 shares of common stock that may be redeemed for cash in connection with our initial business combination and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) of $1.17 per share to our initial stockholders as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution of $8.70 per share or 87.0% to our public stockholders not exercising their redemption rights. The dilution to new investors if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full would be an immediate dilution of $8.87 per share or 88.7%. The following table illustrates the dilution to the new investors on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants and rights included in the units: Public offering price $ 10.00 Net tangible book value before this offering $ 0.13 Increase attributable to public stockholders and private sales 1.17 Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and private sales 1.30 Dilution to public stockholders $ 8.70 Percentage of dilution to public stockholders 87.0 % For purpose of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units) by $97,391,189 because holders of up to approximately 88.5% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two business days prior to the commencement of our tender offer or stockholders meeting, divided by the number of shares of common stock sold in this offering). ( 44 ) Table of Contents The following table sets forth information with respect to our existing stockholders and the public stockholders: Shares Purchased Total Consideration Average Price Number Percentage Amount Percentage per Share Existing stockholders (1) 2,500,000 18.4 % $ 555,000 0.6 % $ 0.22 Shares issued to underwriter as compensation 80,000 0.6 % -- -- -- Public stockholders (2) 11,000,000 81.0 % 100,000,000 99.4 % $ 10.00 13,580,000 100 % $ 100,555,000 100 % (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 375,000 founders’ shares held by the sponsor have been forfeited as a result thereof. (2) Assumes the issuance of an additional 1,000,000 shares underlying the rights issued to public shareholders. The pro forma net tangible book value after the offering is calculated as follows: Numerator: Net tangible book value before the offering $ 326,190 Net proceeds from this offering and private placement of private warrants 102,000,000 Plus: Offering costs accrued for and paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value before this offering 65,000 Less: Proceeds held in trust subject to redemption (97,391,189 ) $ 5,000,001 Denominator: Shares of common stock outstanding prior to this offering (1)(2) 2,500,000 Shares of common stock included in the units offered (3) 11,000,000 Shares issued to underwriter as compensation 80,000 Less: Shares subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001 (9,739,119 ) 3,840,881 (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 375,000 founders’ shares held by the sponsor have been forfeited as a result thereof. (2) Excludes 300,000 shares issuable to Kin Sze, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and the directors within 10 days following the business combination. (3) Assumes the issuance of an additional 1,000,000 shares underlying the rights issued to public shareholders. ( 45 ) Table of Contents CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our capitalization at December 31, 2018 and as adjusted to give effect to the sale of our units and the private warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities: December 31, 2018 Actual As Adjusted (1) Common stock, $.001 par value, -0- and 9,739,119 shares which are subject to possible redemption (2) - 97,391,189 Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized (actual and as adjusted); no shares issued and outstanding (actual and as adjusted) - - Common stock, $.001 par value, 150,000,000 shares authorized (actual and as adjusted); 2,875,000 shares issued and outstanding (actual); 2,840,881 shares (3) issued and outstanding (excluding 9,379,119 shares subject to possible conversion/tender) (as adjusted) 2,875 2,841 Additional paid-in capital 541,431 5,215,276 Accumulated deficit (218,116 ) (218,116 ) Total stockholders’ equity: 326,190 5,000,001 Total capitalization $ 326,190 $ 102,391,190 (1) Includes the $5 million we will receive from the sale of the private warrants, minus underwriting discount and total expenses. (2) Upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to convert or sell their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less taxes payable, subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination. (3) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 375,000 founders’ shares held by the sponsor have been forfeited by our sponsor as a result thereof. Includes 80,000 shares issuable to I-Bankers Securities, Inc. , the representative of the underwriters in this offering, upon consummation of this offering. ( 46 ) Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We are a newly organized blank check company formed as a Nevada corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone one our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. Our initial business combination and value creation strategy will be to identify, acquire and, after our initial business combination, assist in the growth of a business which provide financial services in Asia, primarily China. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: • may significantly reduce the equity interest of our stockholders; • may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; • will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and • our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity since inception has been to prepare for our proposed fundraising through an offering of our equity securities. We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. ( 47 ) Table of Contents Operating Expenses We had operating expenses of $105,100 for the three months ended December 31, 2018 and $113,016 during the period from July 27, 2018 (inception) through September 30, 2018. During the three months ended December 31, 2018, operating expenses were primarily due to audit fees of $8,000, legal fees of $25,000, and officers’ compensation of $71,667, of which $3,334 were in connection with stock issuances to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. During the period from July 27, 2018 (inception) through September 30, 2018, we had upfront offering costs of $40,000 to the underwriter of this offering, legal fees of $25,000 and officers’ compensation of $47,778, of which $2,222 were in connection with stock issuances to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the executed Offer Letters, the Company agreed to pay the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, $5,000 in cash per month and 50,000 founder shares starting August 1, 2018, which were issued in September of 2018. Accordingly, we recognized stock based compensation of $3,334 and $2,222, respectively, to the statement of operations. The unrecognized stock based compensation was $14,444 as of December 31, 2018. We expect our operating expenses will significantly increase in 2019 as we attempt to complete the business combination as discussed hereto. However, our operating expenses are difficult to predict due to the uncertainty of the business combination, and it may be necessary to continuously raise additional capital to sustain operations. Liquidity and Capital Resources As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2018 and September 30, 2018, we had $340,178 and $302,362 in cash, respectively, and a working capital of $326,190 and $261,706, respectively. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed above. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $555,000 from the sale of the founders’ shares that is more fully described below. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $500,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $2,500,000 (or $2,875,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) and (ii) the sale of the private warrants for a purchase price of $5,000,000, or $5,375,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be $102,000,000 (or $117,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). Of this amount, $100,000,000 (or $115,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account. The remaining $2,000,000 will not be held in trust. We may use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the approximate $2,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. We anticipate that we will incur approximately: • $700,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of a business combination; • $500,000 of expenses for the due diligence and investigation of a target business by our officers, directors and sponsor; • $100,000 of expenses in legal and accounting fees relating to our SEC reporting obligations; • $100,000 of expenses in Directors & Officers liability insurance premiums; and • $600,000 for general working capital that will be used for fees to officers and directors, miscellaneous expenses, liquidation obligations and reserves. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. We do not have a maximum debt leverage ratio or a policy with respect to how much debt we may incur. The amount of debt we will be willing to incur will depend on the facts and circumstances of the proposed business combination and market conditions at the time of the potential business combination. At this time, we are not party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising additional funds through the sale of our securities or the incurrence of debt. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. ( 48 ) Table of Contents Related Party Transactions We will pay Wei Fan, our Co-Chief Executive Officer monthly fees of $2,000 commencing on February 1, 2019 and Weixuan Luo, our Chief Financial Officer monthly fees of $5,000 commencing on August 1, 2018. We will also issue each of Wei Fan and Weixuan Luo 50,000 founder shares. We will also pay each member of our board of directors $2,000 per month for his or her services commencing on August 1, 2018 and issue a total of 300,000 shares of common stock to Kin Sze, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and members of our board of directors within 10 days following the business combination. Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 private warrants at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. We believe the purchase price of the private warrants is greater than the fair value of such warrants and therefore will not result in any share-based compensation expense. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. Controls and Procedures We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Target businesses we may consider for a business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: • staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; • reconciliation of accounts; • proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; • evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; • documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and • documentation of accounting policies and procedures. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The net proceeds of this offering, including amounts in the trust account, will be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date. ( 49 ) Table of Contents PROPOSED BUSINESS General We are a newly organized blank check company formed as a Nevada corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone one our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We currently intend to concentrate our efforts in identifying businesses which provide financial services in Asia, primarily mainland China and Hong Kong. Our emphasis is on businesses that provide financial services, brokerage and trading, asset management, underwriting and investment advisory, financing, payment processing, financial technology and other financial services related targets. However, we are not limited to these industries and we may pursue a business combination opportunity in any business or industry we choose and we may pursue a company with operations or opportunities outside of China. We intend to acquire established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound, with sound corporate governance, profound and stable operation history, motivated and capable management team, sustainable growth strategy, clear and scalable business model, and systematic advantages, but need financial, operational, strategic or managerial assistance to maximize value. We do not intend to acquire start-up companies, companies with speculative business plans or companies that are excessively leveraged. We intend to focus on seeking and consummating a business combination with a company or companies having an enterprise value between US$200 and US$400 million. Our sponsor, Mr. Shih-Chung Chou, has over 20 years of experience in the financial and investment industry. He has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Kongsheng Industrial Co., Ltd., a real estate development, investment and management company, since February 1997, and founded National Agricultural Holding Limited, a rural market-based company that integrates financial services, agricultural product trading, information, industry and science research, in November 2013 and remains one of the largest stockholders. From June 2005 to November 2013, he served as the M&A Department Manager of Qianlong Technology International Holding Limited. From December 1993 to January 1997, he served as the General Manager of Shanghai Gaosheng Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., a consulting service provider in financial and real estate investment. There is no relationship between our sponsor and our management. Business Strategy We will seek to capitalize on the experiences and network of our management team to identify, evaluate and acquire an operating financial services business in Asia, primarily China. We believe the financial services industry in Asia/China represents a particularly attractive deal sourcing environment that allows us to leverage our team’s skill sets and experience to identify a business combination which can potentially serve as a strong platform for future add-on acquisitions. Our investment thesis is supported by the following trends: • High growth in the Financial Services Industry in China. The total Asset Under Management (“AUM”) has increased rapidly in China. According to a Casey Quick research report, China will soon become the world’s second largest asset management market. The Chinese asset management industry will account for nearly half of global net asset flows by 2019 and has experienced a sustained period of growth. By 2030, China’s asset management is expected to exceed US$17 trillion. In the financial technology space in particular, since 2010, the average annual growth rate of China's third-party payment market has been growing more than 50% per annum, and China has become the global leader in such sector. • Relaxing Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Chinese Securities Companies . The measures issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission in 2017 have opened up the securities industry to foreigners, by allowing foreign investors to become controlling shareholders of China based securities companies . China has committed to increase the foreign ownership upper limit in securities companies, whether held directly or indirectly, and on a single entity or aggregated basis, to 51% since 2017. Moreover, three years after the above measures have been implemented, any remaining limit on foreign ownership will be removed. The proposed amendments to the existing rules included in the measures are primarily intended to honor such commitment. The new measures are intended to drive greater foreign investment in China. • Mobile and Online Asset Management Platforms. These platforms help companies and investors connect with each other in investment markets. Demand for customer interactions and service delivery will gradually be realized through networks and mobile channels. Investors will have better accessibility and more choices of investment tools and projects. Companies will be able to structure financing tools to meet their needs and attract more investors. Middle-class and general market investors will benefit from more personalized services and advice. Individual investors gain more control over investment decisions. Customers gain greater visibility and easier adjustments related to their investments. Automation technology extends sophisticated allocation services to individuals and institutional investors. Investment funds are allocated to match suitable investment opportunities with prospects. As the involvement of the financial agents decreases, the investment cost for investors decreases. • Mobile Payment Tools. China fintech giants make cashless society a reality by providing mobility payment platforms. Integrated mobile technologies change consumer needs and behavior. More consumers will use digital payment methods instead of cash, even for small transactions. Incentives are given to encourage consumers to use mobile payments. Transaction amounts have been increasing. Through analyzing payment transaction data, financial service providers are able to predict future consumer trend and deliver tailor made services. Geotags, biometrics and tokens protect all transaction parties by avoiding fraud. With the increase of new solutions, transaction costs decrease. • The Belt and Road Initiative. The political and economic policy first proposed by President Xi Jin Ping in 2013, provides foreign enterprises, inter alia, more cross-border investments opportunities; promotes internationalization of RMB; provides new investment directions and structures; and expands offshore business for financial services companies. • Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement . We believe free trade agreements have caused Hong Kong to invest further in the mainland and has promoted more of Hong Kong's financial services industry into mainland and overseas and enhances Hong Kong as an international finance center. Various economic incentives, similar to those mentioned above, are encouraging greater economic activity between Hong Kong and China in institutional and retail capacity. Tax incentives also encourage Hong Kong financial services companies to enter the China market. • Guangdong-HK-Macau Great Bay Area. The national strategy supports a balanced and sustainable growth of financial services industries by leveraging regional resources, addressing the unmet needs, combined with regulatory facilitation and easy access to capital. It also captures opportunities brought by the Belt & Road Initiative. • Hong Kong Listing Regime Reform. An initiative from Hong Kong Stock Exchange allows alternative listing methods and a variety of listing structures, attracting more corporations to list in Hong Kong. The reforms are: allowing IPO of non-profit biotech companies, initial public offering of weighted voting right structure companies and secondary listings of innovative companies. The unique stock connect collaboration between Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges allows international and Mainland Chinese investors to trade securities in each other's markets through the trading and clearing facilities of their home exchange. The scheme now covers over 2,000 eligible equities. ( 50 ) Table of Contents Competitive Strengths We believe we have the following competitive strengths: • Established Deal Sourcing Network . As a result of their extensive experience in the financial services industry, our management team members have developed a broad array of contacts in the industry. We believe that these contacts will be important in generating acquisition opportunities for us. • Strong Financial Position and Flexibility . With funds in the trust account of approximately $100,000,000 (or $115,000,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) available to use for a business combination (assuming no stockholder seeks conversion of their shares or seeks to sell their shares to us in a tender offer in relation to such business combination), we offer a target business a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. • Status as a Public Company . We believe our structure will make us an attractive business transaction partner to prospective target businesses. As an existing public company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business transaction with us. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders’ interests than it would as a private company. We believe that being a public company can also augment a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid it in attracting and retaining talented employees. Acquisition Criteria We will seek to capitalize on the significant financial services from our management team and our board of directors to identify, evaluate, acquire operating financial services business in Asia, primarily China. We have identified the following criteria that we intend to use in evaluating business transaction opportunities. We expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Further, any particular business transaction opportunity which we ultimately determine to pursue may not meet one or more of these criteria: • History of free cash flow generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential for, strong, stable free cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams. • Strong management team . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have strong, experienced management teams or those that provide a platform for us to assemble an effective and experienced management team. We will focus on management teams with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and creating value for their stockholders. • Opportunities for expansion. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets with a sustainable and clear scalable business model that we can grow both organically and through acquisitions. We believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute transactions will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions. • Diversified customer and supplier base . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a diversified customer and supplier base, with systematic advantages which are generally able to employ risk management measures to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation, changing business preferences and other unfavorable business environments that may negatively impact their customers, suppliers and competitors. Effecting a Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of private warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination which has not yet been identified. Accordingly, investors in this offering are investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account $1,000,000, or up to $1,150,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of $2,000,000 (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per share, if we extend for the full six months). In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor ten days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. ( 51 ) Table of Contents We Have Not Identified a Target Business To date, we have not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search for a business combination. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business with respect to such a transaction. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate such companies. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate a target business or that we will be able to engage in a business combination with a target business on favorable terms or at all. Subject to our officers’ and directors’ pre-existing fiduciary duties and the limitation that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Except for the general criteria and guidelines set forth above under the caption “ Business Strategy ,” we have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. Sources of Target Businesses We expect to evaluate opportunities that are sourced through the relationship networks of our management team, which includes numerous entrepreneurs, management teams, intermediaries and venture capital funds. Our management team has considerable expertise in the evaluation of financial services investments. While we have not yet identified any acquisition candidates, we believe based on our management team’s business knowledge and experience that there are numerous acquisition candidates. We expect that our principal means of identifying potential target businesses will be through the extensive contacts and relationships of our management team. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence on potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and their access to their contacts and resources will generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that will warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. They must present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our sponsor, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the monthly fees payable and equity awards to officers and directors for their services to us as described elsewhere in this prospectus, and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion and they may not be able to rely on such opinion. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination Subject to our officers’ and directors’ pre-existing fiduciary duties and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. Except for the general criteria and guidelines set forth above under the caption “ Acquisition Criteria ,” we have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses, except that we will not invest in an entity or assets which violate, or aid and abet the violation, of federal law. The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. ( 52 ) Table of Contents Alternative structures to comply with regulations in certain Chinese industries We may need to adopt alternative structures in the event that we elect to acquire a target company in certain Chinese industries. The Chinese government has restricted or limited direct foreign ownership of certain kinds of assets and companies operating in a wide variety of industries, including certain aspects of telecommunications, advertising, food production, and heavy equipment manufacturers. The Chinese government may apply these restrictions in other industries in the future. In addition, there can be restrictions on the foreign ownership of businesses that are determined from time to time to be in “important industries” that may affect the national economic security or having “famous Chinese brand names” or “well established Chinese brand names.” Subject to the review requirements of the Ministry of Commerce and other relevant agencies as discussed elsewhere for acquisitions of assets and companies in China and subject to the various percentage ownership limitations that exist from time to time, acquisitions involving foreign investors and parties in the various restricted categories of assets and industries may nonetheless sometimes be consummated using contractual arrangements with permitted Chinese parties which could, for example, result in a structure where, in exchange for our payment of the acquisition consideration, the target business would be majority or wholly owned by Chinese residents whom we designate, and the target business would continue to hold the requisite licenses necessary to operate its business. To the extent such agreements are employed, they may be for control of specific assets such as intellectual property or control of blocks of the equity ownership interests of a company. The agreements would be designed to secure for us economic benefits and to assume risk of losses and control over the subject assets or equity interests similar to the rights of full ownership, while leaving the technical ownership in the hands of Chinese parties. For example, these contracts could result in a structure where, in exchange for our payment of the acquisition consideration: (i) the target company would be majority owned by Chinese residents whom would be likely designated by us and the target company would continue to hold the requisite licenses for the target business and (ii) we would establish a new subsidiary in China which would provide technology, technical support, consulting and related services to the target company in exchange for fees, which would transfer to us substantially all of the economic benefits of ownership of the target company. These contractual arrangements would be designed to provide the following: · Our exercise of effective control over the target company; · We will assume economic benefits and risk of losses of the target company that are substantially similar to full ownership; · The stockholders of the target company would grant us a pledged interest in all of the issued and outstanding interests of the target company, including the right to vote such shares, as security for the performance of the target company’s obligations under the contractual arrangements; · The stockholders of the target company would grant us an irrevocable proxy for the maximum period permitted by law, to vote the stockholders’ shares in the target company in such manner and for or against such proposals as we may determine; and · We, or our designee, would have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the target company owned by the Chinese residents whom we designate, or all or part of the assets of the target company, in each case when and to the extent permitted by Chinese regulations. While we cannot predict the terms of any such contract that we will be able to negotiate, at a minimum, any contractual arrangement would need to provide us with effective control over the target’s operations and management either directly through board control or through affirmative and/or negative covenants and veto rights with respect to matters such as entry into material agreements, management changes and issuance of debt or equity securities, among other potential control provisions. We have not, however, established specific provisions which must be in an agreement in order to meet the definition of business combination. These agreements likely also would provide for increased ownership or full ownership and control by us when and if permitted under Chinese law and regulation. If we choose to effect our initial business combination that employs the use of these types of control arrangements, we may have difficulty in enforcing our rights. Therefore, these contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing us with the same economic benefits, accounting consolidation or control over a target business as would direct ownership through a merger or shares exchange. For example, if the target business or any other entity fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend substantial resources to enforce such arrangements, and rely on legal remedies under Chinese law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be sufficient to off-set the cost of enforcement and may adversely affect the benefits we expect to receive from the business combination. While we believe under such contractual arrangement, we will be considered the primary beneficiary and be able to consolidate financial results of the target company in our consolidated financial statements. In the event that in the future generally accepted accounting policies in the United States and the SEC accounting regulations change and we are deemed not to be the primary beneficiary by controlling the target company through such contractual arrangement, we would not be able to consolidate line by line the target company’s financial results in our consolidated financial statements. Moreover, we expect that the contractual arrangements upon which we would be relying would be governed by Chinese law and would be the only basis of providing resolution of disputes which may arise through either arbitration or litigation in China. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with Chinese law and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with Chinese legal procedures. Uncertainties in the Chinese legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements. In the event we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert the effective level of control over the target business. We have not selected any target business or target industry on which to concentrate our search for our initial business combination and we are, therefore, unable to determine at this time what form an acquisition of a target business will take. ( 53 ) Table of Contents Fair Market Value of Target Business So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% fair market value test. In order to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses or if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion and they may not be able to rely on such opinion. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80% threshold. Lack of Business Diversification We may seek to effect a business combination with more than one target business, and there is no required minimum valuation standard for any target at the time of such acquisition. We expect to complete only a single business combination, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: • subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and • result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business’ Management Although we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business’ management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. ( 54 ) Table of Contents Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. In the event that we determine to conduct a tender offer, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. Our sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, including the founders’ shares, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,710,001, or approximately 37.1%, of the 10,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming (i) the over-allotment option is not exercised, (ii) all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting and (iii) that the 80,000 shares to be issued to the representative of the underwriters are issued and outstanding and voted in favor of the business combination ). None of our officers, directors, sponsor or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock in this offering or from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, sponsor or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. It is anticipated that our officers, directors, sponsor or their affiliates would approach a limited number of large holders that have voted against the proposed business combination and/or sought redemption of their shares, or that have indicated an intention to do so, and engage in direct negotiations for the purchase of such holders’ positions. It is likely that our officers, directors, sponsor or their affiliates would approach only those holders that have submitted votes via proxy although it is possible that it could be from a holder that submitted a vote at the meeting. It is anticipated that all holders approached in this manner would be institutional or sophisticated holders. In the event such transactions take place, other than on a Current Report on Form 8-K, we will issue a press release announcing such transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company’s stock. Conversion Rights At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid (which taxes may be paid only from the interest earned on the funds in the trust account). Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. We may also require public stockholders seeking conversion, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. Any proxy solicitation materials we furnish to stockholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in “street name,” in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled “ We may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights ” for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. Any request to convert such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share of common stock delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the proposed business combination not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. ( 55 ) Table of Contents Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination). Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account $1,000,000, or up to $1,150,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of $2,000,000 (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per share, if we extend for the full six months). In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor ten days prior to the applicable deadline of its intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Liquidation if No Business Combination Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that we will have only 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) to complete an initial business combination. If we have not completed an initial business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, executive officers, and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. Under Section 78.597 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. There is a statute of limitations of 2 years after the date of the dissolution with respect to any remedy or cause of action in which the plaintiff learns, or in the exercise of reasonable diligence should have learned of, the underlying facts on or before the date of dissolution, or within 3 years after the date of dissolution with respect to any other remedy or cause of action. (NRS 78.585). The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Nevada law. If we are unable to complete a business combination within the prescribed time frame, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 12-month (or up to 18-month if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) anniversary of the closing of this offering, and, therefore, prior to the running of the applicable statute of limitations. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend until the third anniversary of such date. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. We are required to use our reasonable best efforts to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, we cannot assure you of this fact as there is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Our underwriters and auditor are the only third parties we are currently aware of that may not execute a waiver. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be personally liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per public share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy his indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement entered into by our sponsor specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than $10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective equity interests, an aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses). We anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founders’ shares and the shares of common stock underlying the private warrants have waived their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to such founders’ shares. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account and the interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that we are permitted to withdraw to pay such expenses. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption price would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within the required time period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. The holders of the founders’ shares or shares of common stock underlying the private warrants will not participate in any redemption distribution from our trust account with respect to such founders’ shares. Additionally, any loans made by our officers, directors, sponsors or their affiliates for working capital needs will be forgiven and not repaid if we are unable to complete an initial business combination. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public stockholders at least $10.00 per share. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after twenty-four months from the date of this prospectus, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. ( 56 ) Table of Contents Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our stockholders. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would stop our public stockholders from converting or selling their shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, or director, or any other person. Our sponsor, officers and directors, and other holders of our private warrants have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any founders’ shares, shares of common stock underlying the private warrants and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide, among other things, that: • we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; • we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; • if our initial business combination is not consummated within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; • upon the consummation of this offering, $100.0 million, or $115.0 million if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, shall be placed into the trust account; • we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and • prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the common stock sold in this offering on any matter. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: • our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; • our obligation to convert or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; and • our outstanding warrants and rights and the potential future dilution they represent. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Facilities We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 40 Wall St., 29th floor, New York City, NY 10005 for which we pay a base fee of approximately $100 per month plus other expenses on an as needed basis for additional office use or administrative services. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. Employees We have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire has been located, management will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. ( 57 ) Table of Contents Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements We have registered our units, common stock, warrants and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. We may be required to have our internal control procedures audited for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419 The following table compares and contrasts the terms of our offering and the terms of an offering of blank check companies under Rule 419 promulgated by the SEC assuming that the gross proceeds, underwriting discounts and underwriting expenses for the Rule 419 offering are the same as this offering and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the terms of a Rule 419 offering will apply to this offering because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Escrow of offering proceeds $100,000,000 of the net offering proceeds including the $5,000,000 we will receive from the sale of the private warrants will be deposited into a trust account at Morgan Stanley, N.A. and maintained by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. $87,750,000 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account. Investment of net proceeds The $100,000,000 of net offering proceeds including the $5,000,000 we will receive from the sale of the private warrants held in trust will only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States. ( 58 ) Table of Contents Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. We would be restricted from acquiring a target business unless the fair value of such business or net assets to be acquired represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds. Trading of securities issued The units may commence trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The shares of common stock, warrants and rights comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 52 nd day after the date of this prospectus unless I-Bankers Securities, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if such option is exercised prior to the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise and consummation of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if I-Bankers Securities, Inc. has allowed separate trading of the shares of common stock, warrants and rights prior to the 52 nd day after the date of this prospectus. No trading of the units or the underlying securities would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account. Exercise of the warrants The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of a business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account. Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Election to remain an investor We will either (1) give our stockholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less taxes. If we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each stockholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Under Nevada law and our bylaws, we must provide at least 10 days and no more than 60 days advance notice of any meeting of stockholders. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether to exercise their rights to convert their shares into cash or to remain an investor in our company. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement. Under the tender offer rules, a tender offer must remain open for 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether to sell their shares to us in such a tender offer or to remain an investor in our company. A prospectus containing information required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company, in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment, to decide whether he or she elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of his or her investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45 th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account would automatically be returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all of the deposited funds in the escrow account must be returned to all investors and none of the securities will be issued. ( 59 ) Table of Contents Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Business combination deadline Pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (net of interest that may be used by us to pay our taxes payable and for dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. If an acquisition has not been consummated within 18 months after the effective date of the initial registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account would be returned to investors. Interest earned on the funds in the trust account There can be released to us, from time to time, any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we may need to pay our tax obligations and for any dissolution expenses. The remaining interest earned on the funds in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. All interest earned on the funds in the trust account will be held in trust for the benefit of public stockholders until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. Release of funds Except for any amounts that we may need to pay our tax obligations and for dissolution expenses, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. The proceeds held in the escrow account would not be released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. ( 60 ) Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: Name ​ ​ Age ​ ​ Position ​ Kin Sze 48 Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary Wei Fan ​ ​ 32 ​ ​ Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director (Class II) ​ Weixuan Luo 45 Chief Financial Officer Jing Chen 39 Director (Class I) Man HungWong ​ ​ 62 ​ ​ Independent Director (Class I) ​ John Bode ​ ​ 44 ​ ​ Independent Director (Class I) ​ Walter Cook ​ ​ 64 ​ ​ Independent Director (Class II) ​ Di Chen ​ ​ 42 ​ ​ Independent Director (Class II) ​ Kin (Stephen) Sze , our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary since March 2019, has been serving as a Managing Director at Zhuhai Zhonghe Sifang Asset Management Limited, a private equity asset management company, since March 2019. Prior to that he served as an Executive Director at Agricultural Bank of China International, Hong Kong, an investment banking business flagship of Agricultural Bank of China, one of the largest banks in the world by total assests, from December 2017 to December 2018. He played an instrumental role in managing the company’s direct investment portfolio. Prior to that, he was a Senior Manager at China Everbright, (Hong Kong), a China based finance conglomerate with business in banking, securities, insurance, asset management and direct investment, from April 2006 to November 2017. He was involved in a number of acquisitions in fintech, TMT, advanced manufacturing, real estate, etc. Mr. Sze received an MBA degree from the University of South Australia and a bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Toronto. Mr. Sze is a Chartered Financial Analyst (“CFA”) Charterholder, Fellow of Institute of Public Accountants and Institute of Financial Accountants. Wei (Will) Fan , our Co-Chief Executive Officer and director since February 2019, has been a portfolio manager at Alpha Square Group, a private equity firm, since November 2017. Mr. Fan served as a vice president of portfolio management at Citi Group from September 2016 to October 2017. He was a senior financial analyst at Cybernaut Investment Group, a private equity firm, in Beijing from July 2014 to August 2016 and an associate at Alliance Bernstein, an investment management and research firm, from June 2012 to June 2014. Mr. Fan received a Master of Science degree in applied mathematics from Stevens Institute of Technology and a Bachelor of Science degree in applied mathematics from East China University of Science and Technology. Mr. Fan has been awarded the Chartered Financial Analyst (“CFA”) designation. Weixuan (Tracy) Luo , our Chief Financial Officer since inception, is a founding partner of L&L CPAS, PA, a PCAOB registered public accounting firm since October 2013. She has also been serving as the President of American Aeolian Travel Inc., a travel agency, since May 2012. She has been a Senior Manager at Greentree Financial Group Inc. providing financial advisory services to public companies since May 2003. Ms. Luo has worked with publicly traded companies for over a decade in a broad array of services, including audits, tax preparation, risk assessment, financial analysis and financial statements preparation. Ms. Luo has also been engaged as an advisor on over 50 merger and acquisitions transactions for both private and public companies during her career. Ms. Luo is Certified Public Accountant in North Carolina and Florida and a member of American Institute of CPAs. Ms. Luo received her Master’s degree in Economics and Finance from the University of North Carolina. Jing (Vicky) Chen , our director since inception, has been serving as a Managing Director and Partner at Guangzhou Boxun Investment Management Co., Ltd. since January 2010, primarily working on merger and acquisitions, asset management and financial advisory business in capital markets in Asia. She was involved in a number of sizable fund raising projects. She has also been serving as a director of Co-op Infinity Asset Management Co., Ltd., a PE fund management company, since December 2017 and a director of Broad-wise Healthy Industry Investment (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. since February 2018. Ms. Chen started her career at Citibank in 2002. She received an MBA degree in finance from University of Illinois at Chicago and a Bachelor’s degree in economics from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies. We believe Ms. Chen is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to her experience in the financial industry and her operational and corporate development experience Man Hung (Patrick) Wong , our director since inception, is an expert on foreign-exchange, commodity, stock, bond and global financial market. He has more than 30 years of investment experience and is one of the most popular financial market commentators in Hong Kong. Prof. Wong has taught MBA courses in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau since 1997, and has written columns in Hong Kong newspapers for more than 20 years. Mr. Wong is a financial columnist at King Wealth Group Limited since August 2008. He served as Vice Chairman and Executive Director at Agritrade Resource Limited (HKSE:1131), a company listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from September 2014 to May 2016. He served as the Chief Strategist of Crown One Asset Management Company Limited since April 2010 to December 2015. He also served as the Chairman of Code Agriculture Holdings Limited from April 2008 to August 2014. He is currently a member of the Chartered Management Institute, the Associate of Cost and Executive Accountants and the Association of Taxation and Management Accountants. We believe Mr. Wong is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his extensive knowledge of the financial and investment industry. John Bode , our director since inception, has been serving as the Chief Operating Officer of Readerlink Distribution Services, LLC, since October 1, 2018. He has also been serving a director of Postmedia Network Canada Corp. since October 2018 and Fision Corporation since March 2018. Prior to joining us, Mr. Bode owned and operated Aeire Investments, LLC, a strategic consultancy practice focused on working with companies, ranging from legacy media enterprises to digital start-ups, undertaking major transformation initiatives and transactions from February 2015 to September 2018. From September 2013 to January 2015, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Tribune Publishing Company (now Tronc, Inc, (NASDAQ: TRNC)). He started his career as an accountant at BDO Seidman from 1996 to 2002. Mr. Bode received his Bachelor’s degree in accounting from University of Notre Dame. We believe Mr. Bode is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board because of his strategic, operations, financial and leadership experience. Walter R. Cook , our director since inception, is a proven executive and expert in the banking and financial Sector with a strong leadership history of commercial banks and securities firms. He has extensive experience in turnarounds, acquisitions, and start-up financial institutions. Since August 2016, Mr. Cook has been a Managing Director at Tangent Capital Partners, LLC, an investment bank serving investment advisors and asset managers, and provided critical expertise in roll out of The Community Development Fund (CDCDX), a CRA-qualified mutual fund for commercial banks to Dr. Kenneth H. Thomas, CDCDX’s adviser. He was an independent consultant from January 2015 to July 2016, and an expert witness providing expert opinions and trial testimony on lending and banking practices in Florida State Court and Federal bankruptcy Court in Boston, Massachusetts from January 2014 to December 2015. Mr. Cook served as the CEO and the chairman of the board of the Republic Federal Bancorp, Inc. from 2003 to 2010. Mr. Cook received a Master’s degree in business administration specializing in finance and marketing from Harvard University in 1982, a Master’s degree in law and diplomacy from Tufts University in 1978 and a Bachelor’s degree in political science & psychology from Duke University. We believe Mr. Cook is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his extensive knowledge and understanding of financial and investment industries. Di (Andy) Chen , our director since inception, has over 20 years of extensive experience in the financial industry, 12 years of which has been with the senior management team. He joined Harvest Global Capital Investments Limited (“HGCI”) in May 2005 and took the current roles as Managing Director and CEO in May 2016. HGCI is an affiliate of Harvest Global Investments, one of the largest asset management firms in China with over $121 billion asset under management. Mr. Chen received both his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in finance from Jinan University. We believe Mr. Chen is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his financial and investment experience and leadership qualities. Our sponsor, Mr. Shih-Chung Chou, has over 20 years of experience in the financial and investment industry. He has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Kongsheng Industrial Co., Ltd., a real estate development, investment and management company, since February 1997, and founded National Agricultural Holding Limited, a rural market-based company that integrates financial services, agricultural product trading, information, industry and science research, in November 2013 and remains one of the largest stockholders. From June 2005 to November 2013, he served as the M&A Department Manager of Qianlong Technology International Holding Limited. From December 1993 to January 1997, he served as the General Manager of Shanghai Gaosheng Real Estate Development Co., Ltd., a consulting service provider in financial and real estate investment. There is no relationship between our sponsor and our management. ( 61 ) Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings Except as described below, to the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: • been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); • had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; • been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, by any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; • been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; • been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or • been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Mr. Walter Cook was the CEO and chairman of the board of Republic Federal Bancorp, Inc. from 2003 to 2010. In 2009, Republic Federal Bancorp, Inc. was placed in receivership by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. In August 2017, Ms. Weixuan Luo was disciplined and fined by the PCAOB due to a violation of Accounting Standard #7 under PCAOB Release No. 105-2017-034, for not observing the two year cooling off period and serving as the engagement review partner before the period had run on two audit engagements. As a result, she agreed to implement several remedial measures. The disciplinary action did not require any amendment to the completed audits or question the quality of the audit work completed. She was fined by the North Carolina Board of Accountancy in connection with the PCAOB order. Also in connect with the PCAOB order, she was found in violation of section 5100(1) of the California Accountancy Act by the California Board of Accountancy and referred to the California Attorney General’s Office for review and Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulation opened an administrative action against Ms. Luo's license. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Jing Chen, Man Hung Wong, John Bode, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Wei Fan, Walter R. Cook and Di Chen, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. We do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Our officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Executive and Director Compensation We will pay Wei Fan, our Co-Chief Executive Officer monthly fees of $2,000 commencing on February 1, 2019 and Weixuan Luo, our Chief Financial Officer monthly fees of $5,000 commencing on August 1, 2018. We will also issue each of Wei Fan and Weixuan Luo 50,000 founder shares. In addition, we will pay each member of our board of directors $2,000 per month for his or her services commencing on August 1, 2018 and issue an aggregate of 300,000 shares of common stock to Kin Sze, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and the members of our board of directors within 10 days following the business combination. They will receive repayment of any loans from our sponsor, officers and directors for working capital purposes and reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. ( 62 ) Table of Contents Director Independence Currently Mr. Wong, Mr. Bode, Mr. Cook and Mr. Di Chen would each be considered an “independent director” under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. Audit Committee Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Walter Cook (Chairman), Man Hung Wong and John Bode, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: • reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; • discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; • discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; • monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; • verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; • reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; • inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; • pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; • appointing or replacing the independent auditor; • determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; • establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and • approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. Financial Experts on Audit Committee The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of “independent directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under Nasdaq’s listing standards. Nasdaq’s standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that John Bode qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. ( 63 ) Table of Contents Nominating Committee Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish a nominating committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Walter Cook (Chairman) and Di Chen, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: • should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; • should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and • should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. The Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. Compensation Committee Effective upon the date of this prospectus, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors, which will consist of Man Hung Wong and Walter Cook (Chairman), each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: • reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Co-Chief Executive Officers’ compensation, evaluating our Co-Chief Executive Officers’ performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Co-Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluation; • reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; • reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; • implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; • assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; • approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; • if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and • reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Code of Ethics Effective upon consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. Conflicts of Interest Investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: • None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. • In the course of their other business activities, our sponsor, officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. However, our officers and directors have agreed to present to us all suitable target business opportunities, subject to any fiduciary or contractual obligations. • Unless we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and sponsor will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account. • The founders’ shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed, and the private warrants, including the underlying shares of common stock and private warrants, purchased by our sponsor will expire worthless if a business combination is not consummated. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive liquidation distributions with respect to any of their founders’ shares or the shares of common stock underlying the private warrants. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed that the private warrants, and all of their underlying securities, will not be sold or transferred by it until after we have completed a business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate to effect a business combination with. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada are not required to present business opportunities to a corporation. (NRS 78.138(7). However, the law in many other states is that directors and officers are required to present a corporate opportunity if: • the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; • the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and • it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of our execution of a definitive agreement for a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any fiduciary or contractual obligations he might have. Accordingly, our amended and restated articles of incorporation will provide that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our executive officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. ( 64 ) Table of Contents Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: Individual Entity Entity’s Business Affiliation Kin Sze Zhuhai Zhonghe Sifang Asset Management Limited Private equity asset management company Managing Director Wei Fan Alpha Square Group Private Equity Firm Portfolio Manager Weixuan Luo L&L CPAs PA Auditing President Conceptual Consulting Inc. Accounting President American Aeolian Travel Inc. Travel Agency President Greentree Financial Group Inc. Financing and financial advisory services Senior Manager Jing Chen Guangzhou Boxun Investment Management Co., Ltd M&A, asset management and financial advisory business Managing Director and Partner Co-op Infinity Asset Management Co., Ltd. Private equity fund management Director Broad-wise Healthy Industry Investment (Guangzhou) Co. Ltd Investment Management Director Man Hung Wong King Wealth Group Limited Web-based portal for financial news/comment Financial Commentator, Principal & Director John Bode Readerlink Distribution Services book distributor Chief Operating Officer Walter Cook Tangent Capital Partners, LLC Investment bank serving investment advisors and asset managers Managing Director Di Chen Harvest Global Capital Investments Limited Institutional asset manager Chief Executive Officer If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote any shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to their founders’ shares or shares underlying the private warrants. If they purchase shares of common stock as part of this offering or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert or sell such shares to us in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. ( 65 ) Table of Contents PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of the date of this prospectus and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our shares of common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus (assuming none of the individuals listed purchase units in this offering), by: • each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; • each of our officers and directors; and • all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect beneficial ownership of the warrants or rights included in the units offered by this prospectus or the private warrants included in the private placement as these warrants are not exercisable and these rights are not convertible within 60 days of the date of this prospectus. Prior to Offering After Offering (3) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock (2) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock (3) Wei Fan 50,000 1.7 % 50,000 * Kin Sze — — — — Weixuan Luo 237,500 8.3 % 237,500 1.9 % Jing Chen — — — — Man Hung Wong — — — — John Bode — — — — Walter Cook — — — — Di Chen — — — — All directors and executive officers as a group (8 individuals) 287,500 10.0 % 287,500 2.3 % Shih-Chung Chou 431,250 15.0 % 56,250 * Jia Li 316,250 11.0 % 316,250 2.5 % Yuanjing Fan 927,500 32.3 % 927,500 7.4 % Mike Bongiovanni 375,000 13.0 % 375,000 3.0 % Robert C. Cottone 375,000 13.0 % 375,000 3.0 % MGA Holdings, LLC 81,250 2.83 % 81,250 * Celtic Asset & Equity Partners Ltd. 81,250 2.83 % 81,250 * * Less than 1%. (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 40 Wall St., 29th floor, New York City, NY 10005. (2) Based on 2,875,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. (3) Assumes no exercise of the over-allotment option and, therefore, the forfeiture of an aggregate of 375,000 shares of common stock held by our sponsor. Immediately after this offering, our founders will beneficially own 20% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units offered by this prospectus but including the shares of common stock underlying the private warrants). None of our sponsor, officers and directors has indicated to us that it or they intend to purchase our securities in the offering. Because of the ownership block held by our sponsor (and our officers and directors through their ownership of membership interests of the sponsor), our sponsor and such individuals may be able to effectively exercise influence over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of the over-allotment option, an aggregate of 375,000 founders’ shares held by the sponsor will be forfeited. Only a number of shares necessary to maintain the collective 20% ownership interest in our shares of common stock after giving effect to the offering (not including the shares of common stock underlying the private warrants) and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option will be necessary. All of the founders’ shares outstanding prior to the date of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent. 50% of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50% of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Up to 375,000 of the founders’ shares held by the sponsor may also be released from escrow earlier than this date for cancellation if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full as described above. All of the founders’ shares may be released from escrow earlier than as described above if within that time period, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or sales (i) to our officers, directors, employees, consultants, advisors or their affiliates, (ii) to an entity’s officers, directors, employees or members, (iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders as set forth herein, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founders’ shares. Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 private warrants at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, so long as they are held by our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private warrants or the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the founders’ shares may be transferred as described above), until after the completion of our initial business combination. In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven. Our executive officers and initial stockholders may be deemed to be our “promoters,” “founders” or “organizers”. ( 66 ) Table of Contents CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS In September 2018, we issued 2,875,000 shares of common stock to our initial stockholders for an aggregate of $555,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately $0.20 per share, in connection with our organization. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, our sponsor will forfeit up to an aggregate of 375,000 shares of common stock in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was not exercised. If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share dividend or a contribution back to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our initial stockholders’ ownership at a percentage of the number of shares to be sold in this offering. Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 private warrants at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. We believe the purchase price of the private warrants is greater than the fair value of such units and therefore will not result in any share-based compensation expense. The private warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in this offering except that the underlying private warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by us and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, so long as they are held our sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private warrants or the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants (except to certain permitted transferees), until after the completion of our initial business combination. In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our sponsor, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven. The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, the holders of the 80,000 shares to be issued to the representative of the underwriters in this offering, as well as the holders of the private warrants and any warrants our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time following the consummation of our initial business transaction. The holders of a majority of the private warrants or warrants issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Our sponsor has agreed that, commencing on the effective date of this prospectus through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we may require from time to time. Other than the monthly fees payable and equity awards to our officers and directors for their services to us as described elsewhere in this prospectus, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We will pay Wei Fan, our Co-Chief Executive Officer monthly fees of $2,000 commencing on February 1, 2019 and Weixuan Luo, our Chief Financial Officer monthly fees of $5,000 commencing on August 1, 2018. We will also issue each of Wei Fan and Weixuan Luo 50,000 founder shares. In addition, we will pay each member of our board of directors $2,000 per month for his or her services commencing on August 1, 2018 and issue a total of 300,000 shares of common stock to Kin Sze, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and the members of our board of directors within 10 days following the business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will receive the repayment of any loans from our sponsor, officers and directors for working capital purposes and reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction. No director may participate in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion and they may not be able to rely on such opinion. ( 67 ) Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES General As of the date of this prospectus, we are authorized to issue 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001. As of the date of this prospectus, 2,875,000 shares of common stock are outstanding. No shares of preferred stock are outstanding. The following description summarizes the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, bylaws and the forms of warrant agreement and rights agreement, which are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and to the applicable provisions of Nevada law. Units Each unit consists of one share of common stock, one warrant and one right. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Nevada law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. The shares of common stock, warrants and rights will begin to trade separately on the 52 nd day after the date of this prospectus unless I-Bankers Securities, Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided that in no event may the shares of common stock, warrants and rights be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering. Once the shares of common stock, warrants and rights commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet promptly upon the consummation of this offering. The audited balance sheet will reflect proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K information indicating if I-Bankers Securities, Inc. has allowed separate trading of the shares of common stock, warrants and rights prior to the 52 nd day after the date of this prospectus. Common Stock Our stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors and initial stockholders, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to this offering, and any shares purchased in this offering or following this offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if a vote is held to approve a business combination, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Our board of directors will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, if we do not consummate an initial business combination by 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , our corporate existence will cease except for the purposes of winding up our affairs and liquidating. If we are forced to liquidate prior to an initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to share ratably in the trust account, based on the amount then held in the trust account, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any). Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution occurring upon our failure to consummate an initial business combination with respect to the founder’s common stock. Our initial stockholders will therefore not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to such shares. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to any shares of common stock acquired in connection with or following this offering but not with respect to any shares of common stock underlying the private warrants. Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their shares of common stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination in connection with such business combination and the business combination is completed. Public stockholders who sell or convert their stock into their share of the trust account still have the right to exercise the warrants and the right to receive common stock upon conversion of the rights that they received as part of the units. ( 68 ) Table of Contents Founders’ Shares The holders of the founders’ shares have agreed (i) that the founders’ shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the founders’ shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founders’ shares and the shares of common stock underlying the private warrants if we fail to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time) , although our initial stockholders (or any of our executive officers, directors or affiliates) will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares acquired if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month time period and (iii) to vote any founder shares or private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,710,001, or approximately 37.1%, of the 10,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming (i) the over-allotment option is not exercised, (ii) all shares were present and entitled to vote at the meeting and (iii) that the 80,000 shares to be issued to the representative of the underwriters are issued and outstanding and are voted in favor of the business combination ). Permitted transferees of our sponsor will be subject to the same obligations of such purchasers. Subject to certain limited exceptions, 50% of their founders’ shares will not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50% of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property. Preferred Stock There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred stock which participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which votes as a class with the common stock on a business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred stock to effect a business combination. In addition, the preferred stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. Redeemable Warrants No warrants are currently outstanding. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The private warrants, the warrants issued to the representative of the underwriters, as well as any warrants we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be identical to the warrants underlying the units being offered by this prospectus except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by our sponsor, other purchasers of our private warrants, or their affiliates. Such warrants may not be sold or transferred until after we have completed a business combination. We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants, the warrants issued to the representative of the underwriters and any warrants underlying units issued to our sponsor, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, • at any time during the exercise period, • upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, • if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and • if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. ( 69 ) Table of Contents The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than $9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants as promptly as practicable and keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% of the shares of common stock outstanding. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to the warrant agreement, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Rights Except in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted all common stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional common stock upon consummation of an initial business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. We will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Nevada law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. Warrants We have agreed to issue to I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (and/or its designees) a warrant to purchase up to 800,000 common stock (or 920,000 common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $12.00 per share. Except as described above, the warrants are identical to those underlying the units offered by this prospectus. See “Underwriting.” Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Rights Agent The transfer agent for our securities, warrant agent for our warrants and rights agent for our rights is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 6201 15th Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11219. Listing of our Securities We have applied to list our units, common stock, warrants and rights on Nasdaq under the symbols “PAACU,” “PAAC,” “PAACW” and “PAACR,” respectively. We expect that our units will be listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date the shares of our common stock, warrants and rights are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our common stock, warrants and rights will be listed separately on Nasdaq. Once the shares of common stock, warrants and rights commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. ( 70 ) Table of Contents Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Nevada Law and our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws Staggered board of directors Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors will be classified into two classes of directors of approximately equal size. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. Furthermore, because our board is classified, directors may be removed only with cause by a majority of our outstanding shares. Special meeting of stockholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by either of our Co-Chief Executive Officers or by our Chairman. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the open of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Authorized but unissued shares Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Exclusive Forum Selection Our amended and restated articles of incorporation require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Clark County Business Court in the State of Nevada and, if brought outside of Nevada, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits our company by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder . Our amended and restated articles of incorporation will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. However, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction. Section 78.439 of the Nevada Revised Statutes We will be subject to the provisions of Section 78.439 of the Nevada Revised Statutes regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain resident Nevada corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a “business combination” for a two (2) year period with: • a stockholder who owns 10% or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an “interested stockholder”); • an affiliate or an associate of an interested stockholder within two (2) years before the stockholder became a 10% stockholder. A “business combination” includes a merger or sale of more than 10% of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: • our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an “interested stockholder,” prior to the date of the transaction; • after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or • on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. ( 71 ) Table of Contents Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Nevada law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Nevada law would permit indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. ( 72 ) Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Immediately after this offering, we will have 12,580,000 shares of common stock outstanding, or 14,467,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, the 10,000,000 shares of common stock sold in this offering, or 11,500,000 shares of common stock if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares have been placed in escrow and will not be transferable until they are released except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in this prospectus. Rule 144 A person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: • 1% of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 125,800 shares immediately after this offering (or 144,670 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full); and • the average weekly trading volume of the shares of common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: • the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; • the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; • the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and • at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our sponsor will be able to sell its founders’ shares and the shares of common stock underlying the private warrants freely without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming it is not an affiliate of ours at that time. Registration Rights The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, the holders of the 80,000 shares to be issued to the representative of the underwriters in this offering, as well as the holders of the private warrants (and their underlying securities) and any warrants our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time following the consummation of our initial business transaction. The holders of a majority of the private warrants or warrants issued to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us (in each case, including the underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. ( 73 ) Table of Contents U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following discussion is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our units, shares of common stock, warrants and rights, which we refer to collectively as our securities. Because the components of a unit are separable at the option of the holder, the holder of a unit generally should be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as the owner of the underlying common stock, warrant and right components of the unit, as the case may be. As a result, the discussion below with respect to actual holders of common stock, warrants and rights should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying common stock, warrants and rights that comprise the units). This discussion applies only to securities that are held as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is applicable only to holders who purchased units in this offering. This discussion is a summary only and does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including but not limited to the alternative minimum tax, the Medicare tax on certain investment income and the different consequences that may apply if you are subject to special rules that apply to certain types of investors, including but not limited to: • certain financial institutions; or financial services entities; • broker-dealers; • governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof; • regulated investment companies; • real estate investment trusts; • expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; • persons that actually or constructively own five percent or more of our voting stock; • insurance companies; • dealers or traders subject to a mark-to-market method of accounting with respect to the securities; • persons holding the securities as part of a “straddle,” hedge, integrated transaction or similar transaction; • U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; • partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any beneficial owners of such entities; and • tax-exempt entities. This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations as of the date hereof, which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis, and changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein. This discussion does not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. taxation, or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes (such as gift and estate taxes). You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of U.S. federal tax laws to your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction. Personal Holding Company Status We could be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company, or PHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50% of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not be a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20%, on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit No statutory, administrative or judicial authority directly addresses the treatment of a unit or instruments similar to a unit for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. The acquisition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the acquisition of one share of our common stock, one warrant and one right. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit must allocate the purchase price paid by such holder for such unit among the one share of common stock, the warrant and the right based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. The price allocated to each share of common stock, warrant and right should be the stockholder’s tax basis in such share, warrant and right, as the case may be. Any disposition of a unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a disposition of the share of common stock, the warrant and the right comprising the unit, and the amount realized on the disposition should be allocated among the share of common stock, the warrant and the right based on their respective relative fair market values at the time of disposition. The separation of shares of common stock, warrants and rights comprising units should not be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, although we intend to treat the rights for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a manner similar to options to acquire our shares in the future, there is a risk that alternate characterizations of the rights could result in U.S. federal income tax consequences to the holders of the rights that differ from those described below. The foregoing treatment of the shares of common stock, warrants and rights, and a holder’s purchase price allocation, are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit). The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders This section is addressed to U.S. holders of our securities. For purposes of this discussion, you are a “U.S. holder” if you are a beneficial owner of a security that is: • an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation, ( or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia ; • an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or • a trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons (as defined in the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person. ( 74 ) Table of Contents Taxation of Distributions. If we pay distributions in cash or other property to U.S. holders of shares of our common stock, such distributions generally will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in our common stock. Any remaining excess will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the common stock and will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Securities” below. Dividends we pay to a U.S. holder that is a taxable corporation generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding period requirements are met, dividends we pay to a non-corporate U.S. holder generally will constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at preferential long-term capital gains rates. It is unclear whether the conversion rights with respect to the common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements with respect to the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income, as the case may be. If the holding period requirements are not satisfied, then a corporation may not be able to qualify for the dividends received deduction and would have taxable income equal to the entire dividend amount, and non-corporate holders may be subject to tax on such dividend at regular ordinary income tax rates instead of the preferential rate that applies to qualified dividend income. Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Securities. Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our securities which, in general, would include a redemption of common stock or warrants that is treated as a sale of such securities as described below, and including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, a U.S. holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the applicable security. Any such capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder’s holding period for the securities so disposed of exceeds one year. It is unclear, however, whether the conversion rights with respect to the common stock described in this prospectus may suspend the running of the applicable holding period for this purpose. If the running of the holding period for the common stock is suspended, then non-corporate U.S. holders may not be able to satisfy the one-year holding period requirement for long-term capital gain treatment, in which case any gain on a sale or taxable disposition of our common stock would be subject to short-term capital gain treatment and would be taxed at regular ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. holders will be eligible to be taxed at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Generally, the amount of gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder is an amount equal to the difference between (i) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received in such disposition (or, if the common stock, warrants and rights are held as part of units at the time of the disposition, the portion of the amount realized on such disposition that is allocated to the common stock, warrants and rights based upon the then fair market values of the common stock, warrants and rights included in the units) and (ii) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its common stock, warrants or rights so disposed of. A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its common stock, warrants or rights generally will equal the U.S. holder’s acquisition cost (that is, as discussed above, the portion of the purchase price of the units allocated to the common stock, warrants or rights or, as discussed below, the U.S. holder’s initial basis for common stock received upon exercise of warrants) less, in the case of a share of common stock, any prior distributions treated as a return of capital. Redemption of Common Stock. In the event that a U.S. holder’s common stock is converted pursuant to the conversion provisions described in this prospectus under the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Common Stock” or if we purchase a U.S. holder’s common stock in a tender offer or open market transaction (each of which we refer to as a “redemption”), the treatment of the transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of the common stock under Section 302 of the Code. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as described under “U.S. Holders — Gain or Loss on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Securities” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of common stock, the U.S. holder will be treated as receiving a corporate distribution with the tax consequences described above under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions”. Whether a redemption qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our stock treated as held by the U.S. holder (including any stock constructively owned by the U.S. holder as a result of owning warrants and possibly rights) relative to all of our shares outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption of common stock generally will be treated as a sale of the common stock (rather than as a corporate distribution) if the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S. holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of the U.S. holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. holder. These tests are explained more fully below. In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. holder takes into account not only stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, but also shares of our stock that are constructively owned by it. A U.S. holder may constructively own, in addition to stock owned directly, stock owned by certain related individuals and entities in which the U.S. holder has an interest or that have an interest in such U.S. holder, as well as any stock the U.S. holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include common stock which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrants and possibly pursuant to the rights. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately following the redemption of common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. holder’s interest if either (i) all of the shares of our stock actually and constructively owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed or (ii) all of the shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. holder are redeemed and the U.S. holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of stock owned by certain family members and the U.S. holder does not constructively own any other shares of our stock. The redemption of the common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if the redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority stockholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” A U.S. holder should consult with its own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of a redemption. If none of the foregoing tests is satisfied, then the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis of the U.S. holder in the redeemed common stock will be added to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its remaining stock, or, if it has none, to the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its warrants or possibly in any rights or other stock constructively owned by it. ( 75 ) Table of Contents Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant. Except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant, a U.S. holder generally will not recognize taxable gain or loss on the acquisition of common stock upon exercise of a warrant for cash. The U.S. holder’s tax basis in the share of our common stock received upon exercise of the warrant generally will be an amount equal to the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrant (i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “—Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price. It is unclear whether the U.S. holder’s holding period for the common stock received upon exercise of the warrants will begin on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrants; in either case, the holding period will not include the period during which the U.S. holder held the warrants. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant. The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. holder’s basis in the common stock received would equal the holder’s basis in the warrants exercised therefor. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a realization event, it is unclear whether a U.S. holder’s holding period in the common stock would be treated as commencing on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the common stock would include the holding period of the warrants exercised therefor. It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated in whole or in part as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. holder could be deemed to have surrendered a number of warrants having an aggregate fair market value equal to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised. The U.S. holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the common stock received in respect of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, a U.S. holder’s tax basis in the common stock received would equal the sum of the U.S. holder’s initial investment in the warrants exercised (i.e., the portion of the U.S. holder’s purchase price for a unit that is allocated to the warrant, as described above under “— Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit”) and the exercise price of such warrants. It is unclear whether a U.S. holder’s holding period for the common stock would commence on the date following the date of exercise or on the date of exercise of the warrant; in either case, the holding period would not include the period during which the U.S. holder held the warrant. Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, including when a U.S. holder’s holding period would commence with respect to the common stock received, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise. Possible Constructive Distributions. The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of common stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants” An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The U.S. holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares or to such exercise price increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares of our common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our common stock, in each case which is taxable to the U.S. holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax in the same manner as if the U.S. holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment. Conversion or Lapse of Rights . A U.S. Holder generally should not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of shares on the conversion of the rights, such shares should have a tax basis equal to such holder’s tax basis in the rights, and the holding period of such shares should begin on the day after such conversion. In addition, a U.S. Holder generally should recognize a capital loss on the lapse of the rights equal to such holder’s tax basis in the rights. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. In general, information reporting requirements may apply to dividends paid to a U.S. holder and to the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of our securities, unless the U.S. holder is an exempt recipient. Backup withholding may apply to such payments if the U.S. holder fails to provide a taxpayer identification number, a certification of exempt status or has been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding (and such notification has not been withdrawn). Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. All U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of information reporting and backup withholding to them. ( 76 ) Table of Contents Non-U.S. Holders This section applies to you if you are a “Non-U.S. holder.” As used herein, the term “Non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our securities who is not a U.S. holder or a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes but generally does not include an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition. If you are such an individual, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership or sale or other disposition of our securities. Taxation of Distributions. In general, any distributions (including constructive distributions) we make to a Non-U.S. holder of shares of our common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, provided such dividends are not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, we will be required to withhold tax from the gross amount of the dividend at a rate of 30%, unless such Non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E). In the case of any constructive dividend, it is possible that this tax would be withheld from any amount owed to a Non-U.S. holder by the applicable withholding agent, including cash distributions on other property or sales proceeds from warrants or other property subsequently paid or credited to such holder. Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated first as reducing (but not below zero) the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common stock and, to the extent such distribution exceeds the Non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain realized from the sale or other disposition of the common stock, which will be treated as described under “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Securities” below. In addition, if we determine that we are classified as a “United States real property holding corporation” (see “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Securities” below), we will withhold 15% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits. The withholding tax does not apply to dividends paid to a Non-U.S. holder who provides a Form W-8ECI, certifying that the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States. Instead, the effectively connected dividends will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident, subject to an applicable income tax treaty providing otherwise. A Non-U.S. corporation receiving effectively connected dividends may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” imposed at a rate of 30% (or a lower applicable treaty rate). Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Securities. A Non-U.S. holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax in respect of gain recognized on a sale, taxable exchange or other taxable disposition of our securities, which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination, without regard to whether those securities were held as part of a unit, unless: • the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. holder within the United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the Non-U.S. holder); or • we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition or the period that the Non-U.S. holder held our common stock, and, in the case where shares of our common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market, the Non-U.S. holder has owned, directly or constructively, more than 5% of our common stock at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the disposition or such Non-U.S. holder’s holding period for the shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that our common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose. Unless an applicable treaty provides otherwise, gain described in the first bullet point above will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates as if the Non-U.S. holder were a United States resident. Any gains described in the first bullet point above of a Non-U.S. holder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate (or lower treaty rate). If the second bullet point above applies to a Non-U.S. holder, gain recognized by such holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our securities will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of our securities may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 15% of the amount realized upon such disposition. We cannot determine whether we will be a United States real property holding corporation in the future until we complete an initial business combination. We will be classified as a United States real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50 percent of the sum of the fair market value of our worldwide real property interests plus our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. ( 77 ) Table of Contents Redemption of Common Stock. The characterization for U.S. federal income tax purposes of the redemption of a Non-U.S. holder’s common stock generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax characterization of such a redemption of a U.S. holder’s common stock, as described under “U.S. Holders — Redemption of Common Stock” above, and the consequences of the redemption to the Non-U.S. holder will be as described above under “Non-U.S. Holders — Taxation of Distributions” and “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of our Securities,” as applicable. Exercise of a Warrant. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Non-U.S. holder’s exercise of a warrant, or the lapse of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. holder, generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the exercise or lapse of a warrant by a U.S. holder, as described under “U.S. holders — Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant” above, although to the extent a cashless exercise results in a taxable exchange, the consequences would be similar to those described above in “Non-U.S. Holders — Gain on Sale, Taxable Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Our Securities.” Possible Constructive Distributions . The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares of common stock for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events, as discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Securities — Redeemable Warrants.” An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. The Non-U.S. holders of the warrants would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment to the number of such shares or to such exercise price increases the warrantholders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise or through a decrease in the exercise price of the warrant) as a result of a distribution of cash or other property, such as other securities, to the holders of shares of our common stock, or as a result of the issuance of a stock dividend to holders of shares of our common stock, in each case which is taxable to the holders of such shares as a distribution. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest resulting from the adjustment. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. Information returns will be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of dividends and the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our securities. A Non-U.S. holder may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person in order to avoid information reporting and backup withholding requirements. The certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty generally will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid the backup withholding as well. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a Non-U.S. holder will be allowed as a credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. All Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of information reporting and backup withholding to them. FATCA Withholding Taxes. Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance promulgated thereunder (commonly referred as the “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” or “FATCA”) generally impose withholding at a rate of 30% in certain circumstances on dividends in respect of our securities which are held by or through certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds), unless any such institution (1) enters into, and complies with, an agreement with the IRS to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained by, the institution that are owned by certain U.S. persons and by certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by U.S. persons and to withhold on certain payments, or (2) if required under an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country, reports such information to its local tax authority, which will exchange such information with the U.S. authorities. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify these requirements. Accordingly, the entity through which our securities are held will affect the determination of whether such withholding is required. Similarly, dividends in respect of our securities held by an investor that is a non-financial, non-U.S. entity that does not qualify under certain exceptions will generally be subject to withholding at a rate of 30%, unless such entity either (1) certifies to us or the applicable withholding agent that such entity does not have any “substantial United States owners” or (2) provides certain information regarding the entity’s “substantial United States owners,” which will in turn be provided to the U.S. Department of Treasury. All prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our securities. ( 78 ) Table of Contents UNDERWRITING We are offering the units described in this prospectus through the underwriters named below. I-Bankers Securities, Inc. is acting as representative of the underwriters. We will enter into a firm-commitment based underwriting agreement with the representative. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters have agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, the number of units listed next to each of its name in the following table: Underwriter Number of Units I-Bankers Securities, Inc. Total 10,000,000 The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters must buy all of the units if they buy any of them. However, the underwriters are not required to purchase the units covered by the option to purchase additional units as described below. Our units are offered subject to a number of conditions, including: • receipt and acceptance of our units by the underwriters; and • the underwriters’ right to reject orders in whole or in part. In connection with this offering, the underwriters or securities dealers may distribute prospectuses electronically. Introduction of Investors We have agreed to introduce the underwriters in this offering to lead investors that are interested in purchasing up to an aggregate of $15,000,000 of the units being offered hereby. An investor will be deemed to be introduced by us to the underwriters if such investor is referred by us to the underwriters and has not previously invested in any similarly structured blank check companies through the underwriter. However, our failure to introduce such investors will not provide a base to relieve the underwriters from their obligation under the underwriting agreement. The underwriters’ obligation to purchase the units under the underwriting agreement is not contingent upon $15,000,000 of units offered being purchased by investors introduced by us. To the extent that such individuals or entities have an interest in investing in our securities, we will introduce them to the underwriters so that they can confirm they have not previously invested in any similarly structured blank check companies through the underwriters. If lead investors introduced by us do not purchase the full $15,000,000 of units, the underwriters will sell the remaining amount to investors pursuant to the terms of this prospectus. Option To Purchase Additional Units We have granted the underwriters an option to buy up to an aggregate of 1,500,000 additional units. The underwriters have 30 days from the date of this prospectus to exercise this option. If the underwriters exercise this option, they will purchase additional units approximately in proportion to the amounts specified in the table above. Underwriting Discount Units sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. All investors in this offering will pay the same price and receive the same terms. Any units sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount of up to $ per unit from the initial public offering price and the dealers may reallow a concession not in excess of $ per unit to other dealers. Sales of units made outside of the United States may be made by affiliates of the underwriters. Upon execution of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase the units at the prices and upon the terms stated therein, and, as a result, will thereafter bear any risk associated with changing the offering price to the public or other selling terms. The following table shows the per unit and total underwriting discount we will pay to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional units, assuming no units have been sold through our effort. No Exercise Full Exercise Per Unit (1) $ 0.25 $ 0.25 Total (1) $ 2,500,000 $ 2,875,000 (1) At the closing of the offering, the initial underwriting discounts and commissions shall be equal to, in cash, (i) 0.01% of up to $15 million of gross proceeds received from investors first introduced to the underwriters by our sponsor, and (ii) 2.5% of all other gross proceeds in this offering. We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable by us, not including the underwriting discount, will be approximately $500,000. In addition, we have agreed to reimburse the underwriter for its road show expenses, legal and other expenses, not to exceed in the aggregate $175,000. We have paid I-Bankers Securities, Inc. a retainer of $40,000 against actual out-of-pocket expenses. ( 79 ) Table of Contents Lock-up Arrangements Our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign, sell or release from escrow 50% of the founders’ shares until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50% of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Stockholders” ). Additionally, our sponsor has agreed that the private warrants and their underlying securities (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “ Principal Stockholders” ). Indemnification We have agreed to indemnify the underwriter against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. If we are unable to provide this indemnification, we have agreed to contribute to payments the underwriter may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. Nasdaq Listing We have applied to have our units listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol “PAACU” and, once the common stock, warrants and rights begin separate trading, such securities to be listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols “PAAC,” “PAACW” and “PAACR,” respectively. Business Combination Marketing Agreement We will engage underwriters as advisors in connection with our business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our stockholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities, assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination simultaneously upon the firm commitment of this Offering. We will pay underwriters a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the aggregate amount sold to the public in this offering that are not redeemed by stockholders in connection with our initial business combination, provided the minimum fee shall not be less than $1,500,000 as a result of the efforts of the underwriters (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable). Representative’s Shares of Common Stock We have agreed to issue to I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (and/or its designees) 80,000 shares of common stock (or up to 92,000 shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) upon the consummation of this offering. I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (and/or its designees) has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares without our prior written consent until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (and/or its designees) has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time). The shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, we have granted the holders of these shares the same registration rights as described below with respect to the underwriters’ warrants. Underwriters’ Warrants We have agreed to grant to I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (and/or its designees) 800,000 warrants (or 920,000 warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) exercisable at $12.00 per share (or an aggregate exercise price of $9,600,000 or $11,040,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) upon the closing of this offering. The warrant may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, at any time during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and the closing of our initial business combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of such effectiveness date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, I-Bankers Securities, Inc. has agreed that neither it nor its designees will be permitted to exercise the warrants after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The warrants and such shares purchased pursuant to the warrants, as well as the shares of common stock issuable to I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (and/or its designees) have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The warrants grant to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the warrants and the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions, which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. We will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the warrants. The holder of the warrants will not be entitled to exercise the warrants for cash unless a registration statement covering the securities underlying the warrants is effective or an exemption from registration is available. ( 80 ) Table of Contents Price Stabilization, Short Positions In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in activities that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of units during and after this offering, including: • stabilizing transactions; • short sales; • purchases to cover positions created by short sales; • imposition of penalty bids; and • syndicate covering transactions. Stabilizing transactions consist of bids or purchases made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units while this offering is in progress. Stabilization transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. These transactions may also include making short sales of our units, which involve the sale by the underwriters of a greater number of units than they are required to purchase in this offering and purchasing units on the open market to cover short positions created by short sales. Short sales may be “covered short sales,” which are short positions in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units referred to above, or may be “naked short sales,” which are short positions in excess of that amount. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their option, in whole or in part, or by purchasing units in the open market. In making this determination, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option. Naked short sales are short sales made in excess of the over-allotment option. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market that could adversely affect investors who purchased in this offering. The underwriters also may impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular underwriter repays to the representative of the underwriters a portion of the underwriting discount received by it because the representative has repurchased units sold by or for the account of that underwriter in stabilizing or short covering transactions. These stabilizing transactions, short sales, purchases to cover positions created by short sales, the imposition of penalty bids and syndicate covering transactions may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units. As a result of these activities, the price of our units may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. The underwriters may carry out these transactions on the Nasdaq, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the units. Neither we, nor the underwriters, make any representation that the underwriter will engage in these stabilization transactions or that any transaction, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. Determination of Offering Price Prior to this offering, there was no public market for our units. The initial public offering price will be determined by negotiation between us and the representative of the underwriters. The principal factors to be considered in determining the initial public offering price include: • the information set forth in this prospectus and otherwise available to the representative; • our history and prospects and the history and prospects for the industry in which we compete; • our past and present financial performance; • our prospects for future earnings and the present state of our development; • the general condition of the securities market at the time of this offering; • the recent market prices of, and demand for, publicly traded units of generally comparable companies; and • other factors deemed relevant by the underwriters and us. Neither we nor the underwriters can assure investors that an active trading market will develop for our units, warrants, rights or common stock or that the units will trade in the public market at or above the initial public offering price. Affiliations I-Bankers Securities, Inc. and its affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. I-Bankers Securities, Inc. and its affiliates may from time to time in the future engage with us and perform services for us or in the ordinary course of their business for which they will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of us. The underwriters and its affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of these securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in these securities and instruments. ( 81 ) Table of Contents Additional Future Arrangements The underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any underwriter and no fees for such services will be paid to any underwriter prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering. Electronic Distribution A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the Internet sites or through other online services maintained by the underwriters participating in this offering, or by their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and, depending upon the particular underwriter, prospective investors may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of units for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on any underwriter’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by an underwriter is not part of the prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or any underwriter in its capacity as underwriter and should not be relied upon by investors. Selling Restrictions Canada Resale Restrictions We intend to distribute our securities in the Province of Ontario, Canada (the “Canadian Offering Jurisdiction”) by way of a private placement and exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in such Canadian Offering Jurisdiction. Any resale of our securities in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws that will vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Canadian resale restrictions in some circumstances may apply to resales of interests made outside of Canada. Canadian purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of our securities. We may never be a “reporting issuer”, as such term is defined under applicable Canadian securities legislation, in any province or territory of Canada in which our securities will be offered and there currently is no public market for any of the securities in Canada, and one may never develop. Canadian investors are advised that we have no intention to file a prospectus or similar document with any securities regulatory authority in Canada qualifying the resale of the securities to the public in any province or territory in Canada. Representations of Purchasers A Canadian purchaser will be required to represent to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that: • the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase our securities without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws; • where required by law, that the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent; • the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions; and • the purchaser acknowledges and consents to the provision of specified information concerning its purchase of our securities to the regulatory authority that by law is entitled to collect the information. Rights of Action — Ontario Purchasers Only Under Ontario securities legislation, certain purchasers who purchase a security offered by this prospectus during the period of distribution will have a statutory right of action for damages, or while still the owner of our securities, for rescission against us in the event that this prospectus contains a misrepresentation without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation. The right of action for damages is exercisable not later than the earlier of 180 days from the date the purchaser first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and three years from the date on which payment is made for our securities. The right of action for rescission is exercisable not later than 180 days from the date on which payment is made for our securities. If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of action for rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages against us. In no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which our securities were offered to the purchaser and if the purchaser is shown to have purchased the securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation, we will have no liability. In the case of an action for damages, we will not be liable for all or any portion of the damages that are proven to not represent the depreciation in value of our securities as a result of the misrepresentation relied upon. These rights are in addition to, and without derogation from, any other rights or remedies available at law to an Ontario purchaser. The foregoing is a summary of the rights available to an Ontario purchaser. Ontario purchasers should refer to the complete text of the relevant statutory provisions. ( 82 ) Table of Contents Enforcement of Legal Rights All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named herein are located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All of our assets and the assets of those persons are located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada. Collection of Personal Information If a Canadian purchaser is resident in or otherwise subject to the securities laws of the Province of Ontario, the Purchaser authorizes the indirect collection of personal information pertaining to the Canadian purchaser by the Ontario Securities Commission (the “OSC”) and each Canadian purchaser will be required to acknowledge and agree that the Canadian purchaser has been notified by us (i) of the delivery to the OSC of personal information pertaining to the Canadian purchaser, including, without limitation, the full name, residential address and telephone number of the Canadian purchaser, the number and type of securities purchased and the total purchase price paid in respect of the securities, (ii) that this information is being collected indirectly by the OSC under the authority granted to it in securities legislation, (iii) that this information is being collected for the purposes of the administration and enforcement of the securities legislation of Ontario, and (iv) that the title, business address and business telephone number of the public official in Ontario who can answer questions about the OSC’s indirect collection of the information is the Administrative Assistant to the Director of Corporate Finance, the Ontario Securities Commission, Suite 1903, Box 5520, Queen Street West, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 3S8, Telephone: (416) 593-8086, Facsimile: (416) 593-8252. Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act. Any offer in Australia of the shares may only be made to persons (the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the shares without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. The shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring shares must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions. This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters. Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for the prospectus. The shares to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the shares. If you do not understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor. Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a “relevant member state”), with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that relevant member state (the “relevant implementation date”), an offer of units described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that relevant member state prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units that has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant member state or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant member state and notified to the competent authority in that relevant member state, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that, with effect from and including the relevant implementation date, an offer of our units may be made to the public in that relevant member state at any time: • to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive; • to fewer than 100, or, if the relevant member state has implemented the relevant provisions of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined below) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriter for any such offer; or • in any other circumstances that do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. ( 83 ) Table of Contents Each purchaser of units described in this prospectus located within a relevant member state will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive. For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in any relevant member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the units, as the expression may be varied in that member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that member state, and the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the PD 2010 Amending Directive to the extent implemented by the relevant member state) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each relevant member state, and the expression 2010 PD Amending Directive means Directive 2010/73/EU. We have not authorized and do not authorize the making of any offer of units through any financial intermediary on their behalf, other than offers made by the underwriters with a view to the final placement of the units as contemplated in this prospectus. Accordingly, no purchaser of the units, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of the units on behalf of us or the underwriters. Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company, the shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of shares has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of shares. Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as a “relevant person”). The units are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such units will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Notice to Prospective Investors in France Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The units have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units has been or will be: • released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or • used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the units to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only: • to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier; • to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or • in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1°-or-2°-or 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne). The units may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong The units may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the units may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to units which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan The units have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan. Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the units may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the units be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA. Where the units are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: • shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: • to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than $200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; • where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or • where the transfer is by operation of law. ( 84 ) Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York, is acting as our counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act, and as such, will pass on the validity of the units, warrants and rights offered in this offering. Legal matters as to Nevada law, as well as the validity of the issuance of the shares of common stock offered in this offering, will be passed upon for us by Bauman & Associates Law Firm, Las Vegas, Nevada. Schiff Hardin LLP, Washington, DC, is acting as counsel to the underwriters. EXPERTS The financial statements of Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. at December 31, 2018 and for the three months ended December 31, 2018 have been reviewed, and the financial statements at September 30, 2018 and for the period from July 27, 2018 (inception) through September 30, 2018 included in this Prospectus have been audited by Malone Bailey LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given upon such firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document. Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . ( 85 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Index to Financial Statements Pages Unaudited Financial Statements Condensed Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2018 and September 30, 2018 87 Condensed Statement of Operations for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 88 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 89 Condensed Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 90 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 91 – 95 Audited Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 96 Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2018 97 Condensed Statement of Operations for the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 98 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 99 Condensed Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 100 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 101 - 104 ( 86 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2018 and September 30, 2018 December 31, 2018 September 30, 2018 (Unaudited) Assets Cash $ 340,178 $ 302,362 Total current assets 340,178 302,362 Total assets $ 340,178 $ 302,362 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Accrued expenses $ 8,333 $ 19,333 Accrued expenses - related parties 5,655 21,323 Total current liabilities 13,988 40,656 Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and September 30, 2018, respectively — — Common stock, $.001 par value, 150,000,000 shares authorized, 2,875,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and September 30, 2018, respectively 2,875 2,875 Additional paid-in capital 557,681 554,347 Subscription receivable (16,250 ) (182,500 ) Accumulated deficits (218,116 ) (113,016 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity 326,190 261,706 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 340,178 $ 302,362 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements ( 87 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Statement of Operations For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 Operating expense Audit fee $ 8,000 Officers compensation 71,667 Legal fees 25,000 General and administrative expenses 433 Total operating expense 105,100 Net (loss) (105,100 ) Net (loss) per share: Basic $ (0.04 ) Weighted average number of shares Basic 2,500,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements ( 88 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Statement of Cash Flows For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) $ (105,100 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Common stock issued for service 3,334 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued expenses (11,000 ) Accrued expenses - related parties (15,668 ) Net cash provided by operating activities (128,434 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Collection of subscription receivable 166,250 Net cash used in financing activities 166,250 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 37,816 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 302,362 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year $ 340,178 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest $ — Cash paid for income taxes $ — The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements ( 89 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity For the Three Months Ended December 31, 2018 (Unaudited) Additional Common Stock Paid-In Subscription Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Receivable Deficits Total Balance, September 30, 2018 2,875,000 $ 2,875 $ 554,347 $ (182,500 ) $ (113,016 ) $ 261,706 Common stock issued for services — — 3,334 — — 3,334 Collection of subscription receivable — — — 166,250 — 166,250 Net (loss) — — (105,100 ) (105,100 ) Balance, December 31, 2018 2,875,000 $ 2,875 $ 557,681 $ (16,250 ) $ (218,116 ) $ 326,190 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial statements ( 90 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Notes to Condensed Financial Statements Note 1 — Organization and Business Operations Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corporation (the “Company”) is a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated on July 27, 2018, under the laws of the State of Nevada for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a “Business Combination”). The Company has not selected any potential business combination target, and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with the Company. While the Company may, subject to certain limitations, pursue a business combination target with operations or prospects in the financial services sector in China, including Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China. As of December 31, 2018, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2018 relates to the Company’s formation and the Proposed Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected September 30 as its fiscal year end. Going Concern Consideration As of December 31, 2018, the Company had $340,178 in cash, accumulated deficit of $218,116, and the cash flow used in operation during the three months ended December 31, 2018 was $128,434. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Offering as discussed in Note 7. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto of the Company contained elsewhere herein the Company’s Form S-1. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. Notes to the financial statements that would substantially duplicate the disclosures contained in the audited financial statements of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2018 as reported in this Form S-1 have been omitted. Emerging Growth Company Status The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. ( 91 ) Table of Contents Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Net Loss per Common Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements ASC Topic 260, “Earnings per Share.” Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding for the period, excluding common shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 375,000 common shares that are subject to forfeiture by the sponsor if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. At December 31, 2018, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common shares and then share in the earnings (loss) of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. For the Three Months ended December 31, 2018 Numerator: $ (105,100 ) Net loss Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share - Weighted-average common shares issued and outstanding during the period 2,500,000 Denominator for diluted earnings per share 2,500,000 Basic loss per share $ (0.04 ) Diluted loss per share $ (0.04 ) Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Stock based compensation The Company recognizes compensation costs to employees under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718 “Compensation - Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”). Under ASC 718, companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. On July 27, 2018, the inception date, the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-07 “Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting.” These amendments expand the scope of Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (which currently only includes share-based payments to employees) to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. ( 92 ) Table of Contents Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. Since the Company was incorporated on July 27, 2018, the evaluation was performed for upcoming 2018 tax year which will be the only period subject to examination. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material changes to its financial position. The Company’s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense. The Company’s deferred tax asset at September 30, 2018 consists of net operating loss carry forwards calculated using federal and state effective tax rates equating to approximately $24,000, less a valuation allowance in the amount of approximately $24,000. Because of the Company’s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance in the year ended September 30, 2018. Related parties The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. Entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825–10–15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. ( 93 ) Table of Contents Note 3 — Related Party Transactions Accrued expenses - related parties As of December 31, 2018, the Company had $5,655 due to related parties in connection with the accrued compensation to the Company’s management and directors. Pursuant to the executed Offer Letters, the Company agreed to pay the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, $2,000 and $5,000 in cash per month starting from February 1, 2019 and August 1, 2018, respectively, and 50,000 founder shares, and agreed to pay the Company’s Director $2,000 in cash per month starting from August 1, 2018, plus 100,000 shares of common stock, which will be issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition. The fair value of this stock issuance was determined by the fair value of the Company’s Common Stock on the grant date, at a price of $0.20 per share. Accordingly, the Company calculated the stock based compensation of $40,000 at its fair value and amortized pro rata within 18 months. Total 100,000 founder shares to Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer were issued and the 100,000 shares to Director are not issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition. For the three months ended December 31, 2018, the Company recognized stock based compensation of $3,334 to the statement of operations. The unrecognized stock based compensation was $14,444 as of December 31, 2018. Note 4 — Accrued Expenses As of December 31, 2018, the Company had accrued expenses of $8,333 in connection with the accrued compensation to the Company’s independent directors. Pursuant to the executed Offer Letters, the Company agreed to pay the Company’s Independent Directors, respectively, $2,000 in cash per month starting from August 1, 2018, plus 25,000 - 50,000 shares of common stock, which will be issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition. The fair value of this stock issuance was determined by the fair value of the Company’s Common Stock on the grant date, at a price of $0.20 per share. Accordingly, the Company calculated the stock based compensation of $30,000 at its fair value and amortized pro rata within 18 months. Total 150,000 shares of common stock to Independent Directors are not issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition. Accordingly, the Company recorded $8,333 as accrued expenses. Note 5 — Stockholder’s Equity Preferred Shares - The Company is authorized to issue a total of 1,000,000 preferred shares of a par value of $0.001 each. As of December 31, 2018, none was issued and outstanding. Common Shares - The Company is authorized to issue a total of 150,000,000 common shares of a par value of $0.001 each. As of December 31, 2018, 2,875,000 shares were issued and outstanding, of which 375,000 shares held by the sponsor are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Company’s Founders will own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. Founder Shares As of December 31, 2018, 2,875,000 shares of the Company were issued to the stockholders prior to the date of the prospectus (“Founders”) for an aggregate amount of $575,000, including cash of $555,000 and $20,000 prepaid expenses to the management of the Company. The 2,875,000 Founder Shares include an aggregate of up 375,000 shares held by the sponsor subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Founders will own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. During the three months ended December 31, 2018, the Company received $166,250 from 831,250 previously issued founder shares, and recorded subscription receivable of $16,250 as of December 31, 2018. The Founders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until one year after the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their common shares for cash, securities or other property. ( 94 ) Table of Contents Note 6 — Underwriter Agreement The Company has engaged I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (“I-Bankers”) as to act as underwriter (the “Underwriter”) on the proposed public offering of 10,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit (or 11,500,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (“Units”), which is discussed in Note 7 and the sale of 5,000,000 warrants (or 5,375,000 warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (the “Private Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement to Mr. Shih-Chung Chou (the “Sponsor”), that will close simultaneously with the proposed public offering of $100 million, and a simultaneous listing on NYSE or NASDAQ Capital Market (the “Offering”). This will be an Initial Public offering for the purpose of merging with or acquiring a company, otherwise known as a Special Purpose Acquisition Company or SPAC. During the term of the Agreement, I-Bankers will provide the Company with financial services and assistance with respect to the Offering pursuant to the Registration Statement for the agreed upon number of the Company’s newly issued Shares, plus an over-allotment option equal to 15% of the number of shares being offered (exercisable for a period of up to thirty (30) days from the date the Offering is priced). The Company will pay I-Bankers a transaction fee equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds raised in the offering for such services upon the consummation of the offering, provided that the 2.5% will be reduced to 0.1% with respect to up to $15,000,000 of the gross proceeds from investors first introduced to the underwriters by the Company through its own efforts. Upon the closing of the Offering, the Company will issue to I-Bankers (a five year) warrant to purchase a number of Common Shares equal to 8.0% of the Common Shares issued in the Offering. The exercise price of such warrant will be 120% of the offering price of the Company’s common shares in the Offering. In addition, I-Bankers shall be issued 80,000 shares of common stock (or 92,000 shares if I-Bankers’ overallotment option is exercised in full) upon the consummation of this offering. The Company will also reimburse I-Bankers for up to $35,000 of its reasonable costs and expenses incurred by it (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) in connection with the performance of its services. Note 7 — Subsequent Events In the Proposed Public Offering, the Company will offer for sale 10,000,000 Units, (or 11,500,000 Units if I-Bankers’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one common share, one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”) and one right. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at an exercise price of $11.50 and is redeemable at a price of $0.01 per warrant at any time during the exercise period, upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, if, and only if, the last sales price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption; and if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. We have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. ( 95 ) Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of September 30, 2018, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the period from July 27, 2018 (inception) through September 30, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for July 27, 2018 (inception) through September 30, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Matter The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ MaloneBailey, LLP www.malonebailey.com We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. Houston, Texas February 7, 2019 ( 96 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Balance Sheet As of September 30, 2018 September 30, 2018 Assets Cash $ 302,362 Total current assets 302,362 Total assets $ 302,362 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Accrued expenses $ 19,333 Accrued expenses - related parties 21,323 Total current liabilities 40,656 Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2018 - Common stock, $.001 par value, 150,000,000 shares authorized, 2,875,000 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2018 2,875 Additional paid-in capital 554,347 Subscription receivable (182,500) Accumulated deficits (113,016) Total Stockholders’ Equity 261,706 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 302,362 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements ( 97 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Statement of Operations For the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 For the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 Operating expense Offering cost $ 40,000 Officers compensation 47,778 Legal fees 25,000 General and administrative expenses 238 Total operating expense 113,016 Net (loss) (113,016 ) Net (loss) per share: Basic $ (0.05 ) Weighted average number of shares Basic 2,500,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements ( 98 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Statement of Cash Flows For the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 For the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) $ (113,016) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Common stock issued for service 2,222 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued expenses 19,333 Accrued expenses - related parties 21,323 Net cash provided by operating activities (70,138) Cash flows from financing activities: Common stock issued for cash 372,500 Net cash used in financing activities 372,500 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 302,362 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year - Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year $ 302,362 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest $ - Cash paid for income taxes $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements ( 99 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity For the Period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) through September 30, 2018 Additional Common Stock Paid-In Subscription Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Receivable Deficits Total Balance, July 27, 2018 (Inception) - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - Common stock issued for cash 2,775,000 2,775 552,225 (182,500) - 372,500 Common stock issued for services 100,000 100 2,122 - - 2,222 Net (loss) - - (113,016) (113,016) Balance, September 30, 2018 2,875,000 $ 2,875 $ 554,347 $ (182,500) $ (113,016) $ 261,706 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements ( 100 ) Table of Contents PROFICIENT ALPHA ACQUISITION CORP. Notes to Condensed Financial Statements Note 1 — Organization and Business Operations Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corporation (the “Company”) is a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated on July 27, 2018, under the laws of the State of Nevada for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a “Business Combination”). The Company has not selected any potential business combination target, and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with the Company. While the Company may, subject to certain limitations, pursue a business combination target with operations or prospects in the financial services sector in China, including Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China. As of September 30, 2018, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2018 relates to the Company’s formation and the Proposed Public Offering (as defined below). The Company has selected September 30 as its fiscal year end. Going Concern Consideration As of September 30, 2018, the Company had $302,362 in cash, accumulated deficit of $113,016, and the cash flow used in operation during the period ended September 30, 2018 was $70,138. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Offering as discussed in Note 7. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Emerging Growth Company Status The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. ( 101 ) Table of Contents Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Net Loss per Common Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements ASC Topic 260, “Earnings per Share.” Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding for the period, excluding common shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 375,000 common shares that are subject to forfeiture by the sponsor if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. At September 30, 2018, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common shares and then share in the earnings (loss) of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. For the period from July 27, 2018 (Inception) to September 30, 2018 Numerator: $ (113,016 ) Net loss Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share - Weighted-average common shares issued and outstanding during the period 2,500,000 Denominator for diluted earnings per share 2,500,000 Basic loss per share $ (0.05 ) Diluted loss per share $ (0.05 ) Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Stock based compensation The Company recognizes compensation costs to employees under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 718 “Compensation - Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”). Under ASC 718, companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. On July 27, 2018, the inception date, the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-07 “Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting.” These amendments expand the scope of Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation (which currently only includes share-based payments to employees) to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. ( 102 ) Table of Contents Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. Since the Company was incorporated on July 27, 2018, the evaluation was performed for upcoming 2018 tax year which will be the only period subject to examination. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material changes to its financial position. The Company’s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such items as a component of income tax expense. The Company’s deferred tax asset at September 30, 2018 consists of net operating loss carry forwards calculated using federal and state effective tax rates equating to approximately $24,000, less a valuation allowance in the amount of approximately $24,000. Because of the Company’s lack of earnings history, the deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance in the year ended September 30, 2018. Related parties The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. Entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825–10–15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. ( 103 ) Table of Contents Note 3 — Related Party Transactions Accrued expenses - related parties As of September 30, 2018, the Company had $21,323 due to related parties in connection with the accrued compensation to the Company’s management and directors. Pursuant to the executed Offer Letters, the Company agreed to pay the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, $5,000 in cash per month and 50,000 founder shares starting for August 1, 2018, and agreed to pay the Company’s Director $2,000 in cash per month starting from August 1, 2018, plus 100,000 shares of common stock, which will be issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition. The fair value of this stock issuance was determined by the fair value of the Company’s Common Stock on the grant date, at a price of $0.20 per share. Accordingly, the Company calculated the stock based compensation of $40,000 at its fair value and amortized pro rata within 18 months. Total 100,000 founder shares to Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer were issued and the 100,000 shares to Director are not issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition. For the period ended September 30, 2018, the Company recognized stock based compensation of $2,222 to the statement of operations. The unrecognized stock based compensation was $17,778 as of September 30, 2018. Note 4 — Accrued Expenses As of September 30, 2018, the Company had accrued expenses of $19,333 in connection with the accrued compensation to the Company’s independent directors. Pursuant to the executed Offer Letters, the Company agreed to pay the Company’s Independent Directors, respectively, $2,000 in cash per month starting from August 1, 2018, plus 25,000 - 50,000 shares of common stock, which will be issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition. The fair value of this stock issuance was determined by the fair value of the Company’s Common Stock on the grant date, at a price of $0.20 per share. Accordingly, the Company calculated the stock based compensation of $30,000 at its fair value and amortized pro rata within 18 months. Total 150,000 shares of common stock to Independent Directors are not issued within 10 days after the completion date of initial acquisition and the monthly payment of $2,000 to each Independent Director was not made as of September 30, 2018. Accordingly, the Company recorded $19,333 as accrued expenses. Note 5 — Stockholder’s Equity Preferred Shares - The Company is authorized to issue a total of 1,000,000 preferred shares of a par value of $0.001 each. As of September 30, 2018, none was issued and outstanding. Common Shares - The Company is authorized to issue a total of 150,000,000 common shares of a par value of $0.001 each. As of September 30, 2018, 2,875,000 shares were issued and outstanding, of which 375,000 shares held by the sponsor are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Company’s Founders will own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. Founder Shares On September 30, 2018, 2,875,000 shares of the Company were issued to the stockholders prior to the date of the prospectus (“Founders”) for an aggregate amount of $575,000, including cash of $555,000 and $20,000 prepaid expenses to the management of the Company. The 2,875,000 Founder Shares include an aggregate of up 375,000 shares held by the sponsor that are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Founders will own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. As of September 30, 2018, the Company received cash proceeds of $372,500 from 1,862,500 founder shares, and recorded subscription receivable of $182,500, of which $166,250 was received in October 2018. The Founders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until one year after the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their common shares for cash, securities or other property. Note 6 — Underwriter Agreement The Company has engaged I-Bankers Securities, Inc. (“I-Bankers”) as to act as underwriter (the “Underwriter”) on the proposed public offering of the Company’s ordinary shares (“Shares”), par value $0.001 per share, of the Company, and a simultaneous listing on NYSE or NASDAQ Capital Market(the “Offering”) with a proposed public offering of $100 million. This will be an Initial Public offering for the purpose of merging with or acquiring a company, otherwise known as a Special Purpose Acquisition Company or SPAC. During the term of the Agreement, I-Bankers will provide the Company with financial services and assistance with respect to the Offering pursuant to the Registration Statement for the agreed upon number of the Company’s newly issued Shares, plus an over-allotment option equal to 15% of the number of shares being offered (exercisable for a period of up to thirty (30) days from the date the Offering is priced). The Company will pay I-Bankers a transaction fee equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds raised in the offering for such services upon the consummation of the offering, provided that the 2.5% will be reduced to 0.1% with respect to up to $15,000,000 of the gross proceeds from investors first introduced to the underwriters by the Company through its own efforts. Upon the closing of the Offering, the Company will issue to I-Bankers (a five year) warrant to purchase a number of Common Shares equal to 8.0% of the Common Shares issued in the Offering. The exercise price of such warrant will be 120% of the offering price of the Company’s common shares in the Offering. In addition, I-Bankers shall be issued 80,000 shares of common stock (or 92,000 shares if I-Bankers’ overallotment option is exercised in full) upon the consummation of this offering. The Company will also reimburse I-Bankers for up to $35,000 of its reasonable costs and expenses incurred by it (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) in connection with the performance of its services. Note 7 — Subsequent Events In the Proposed Public Offering, the Company will offer for sale 10,000,000 Units, (or 11,500,000 Units if I-Bankers’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit will consist of one common share and one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole redeemable warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share at an exercise price of $11.50. ( 104 ) Table of Contents 10,000,000 Units Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. PROSPECTUS , 2019 Sole Book-Running Manager I-Bankers Securities, Inc. Until , 2019 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. ( 105 ) Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows: SEC Registration Fee 16,782 FINRA filing fee 19,544 Accounting fees and expenses 30,000 Nasdaq listing fees 50,000 Printing and engraving expenses 15,000 Legal fees and expenses 280,000 Miscellaneous 88,674 (1) Total $ 500,000 (1) This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by the Company in connection with the offering over and above those specifically listed above, including distribution and mailing costs. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Our articles of incorporation provides that all directors, officers, employees and agents of the registrant shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below. NRS 78.7502 Discretionary and mandatory indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents: General provisions. 1. A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if the person: (a) Is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 ; or (b) Acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does not, of itself, create a presumption that the person is liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 or did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, or that, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, he or she had reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful. 2. A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if the person: (a) Is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138 ; or (b) Acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. 3. To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections 1 and 2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation shall indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense.” Paragraph B of Article Eighth of our articles of incorporation provide: “The Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized hereby.” Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the Underwriters and the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. (a) During the past three years, we sold the 2,875,000 shares of common stock without registration under the Securities Act to our initial stockholders. Such shares were issued in September 2018 in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as the shares were sold to an accredited investor. The shares issued were sold for an aggregate offering price of $555,000 at an average purchase price of approximately $0.20 per share. Our sponsor has committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 private warrants at $1.00 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $5,000,000) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment option is exercised by the underwriters in full or in part, it will purchase from us additional private warrants (up to a maximum of 375,000 private warrants) at a price of $1.00 per private warrant in an amount that is necessary to maintain in the trust account at $10.00 per unit sold to the public in this offering. These additional private warrants will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. ( 106 ) Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement: Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement.** 1.2 Form of Letter Agreement between the Registrant and I-Bankers Securities, Inc.** 3.1 Articles of Incorporation .* 3.2 Form of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation .* 3.3 By-laws. * 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate.** 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate.** 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate.** 4.4 Speciman Right Certificate. ** 4.5 Form of Warrant Agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.** 4.6 Form of Rights Agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.** 5.1 Opinion of Bauman & Associates Law Firm** 5.2 Opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP.** 10.1(a) Form of Letter Agreement for the Registrant’s sponsor.** 10.1(b) Form of Letter Agreement for each of the Registrant’s other officers and directors.** 10.2 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between American Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant. * 10.3 Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the Initial Stockholders.** 10.4 Subscription Agreement, by and between the Registrant and the Initial Stockholders, for private warrants.** 10.5 Form of Securities Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and initial stockholders, for founder shares .* 10.6 Form of Indemnity Agreement.** 10.7 Form of Share Escrow Agreement.** 14 Code of Ethics .* 23.1 Consent of Malone Bailey LLP. * 23.2 Consent of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2).** 24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page).* 99.1 Form of Audit Committee Charter .* 99.2 Form of Compensation Committee Charter. * 99.3 Form of Nominating Committee Charter. * ** To be filed by amendment. * Filed hereto. Item 17. Undertakings. (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (d) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. ( 107 ) Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this amendment to the registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on the 26th day of April 2019. Proficient Alpha Acquisition Corp. By: /s/ Kin Sze Name: Kin Sze Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kin Sze and Wei Fan their true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for them in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including pre-and post-effective amendments to this registration statement, any subsequent registration statement for the same offering which may be filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and pre-or post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his or her substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Kin Sze Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary April 26, 2019 Kin Sze (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Wei Fan Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director April 26, 2019 Wei Fan /s/ Weixuan Luo Chief Financial Officer April 26, 2019 Weixuan Luo (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ John Bode Independent Director April 26, 2019 John Bode /s/ Walter Cook Independent Director April 26, 2019 Walter Cook /s/ Di Chen Independent Director April 26, 2019 Di Chen ( 108 ) Table of Contents
