As filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2019 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 7389 90-0093373 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 4/F, Tower C Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building Keji 3 rd Road, Yanta District Xi’an City, Shaanxi Province China 710068 + 86-29-8769-1097 (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices and principal place of business) Guohua Ku, Chief Executive Officer 4/F, Tower C Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building Keji 3 rd Road, Yanta District Xi An City, Shaanxi Province China + 86-29-8769-1097 (Name address and telephone number of agent for service) Copies to: Jeffrey Li Ada Danelo Garvey Schubert Barer, P.C. Flour Mill Building 1000 Potomac Street NW, Suite 200 Washington, D.C. 20007-3501 (202) 298-1735 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this registration statement is declared effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box: ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☒ Smaller reporting company ☒ Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 5,658,641 (1) $ 0.5182 (2) $ 2,932,307.77 $ 355.40 (1) This registration statement registers for resale by the selling shareholders (i) 3,754,536 shares of common stock of the registrant, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”), that are issuable upon the exercise of common stock purchase warrants of the registrant issued pursuant to private placements; (ii) 304,105 shares of Common Stock that are issuable upon the exercise of common stock purchase warrants of the registrant issued to the placement agent’s designees in connection with such private placements; and (iii) 1,600,000 shares of Common Stock sold to a selling shareholder in a prior private placement. In accordance with Rule 416(a), there also are being registered hereunder an indeterminate number of shares that may be issued and resold resulting from stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations or similar transactions. (2) Estimated pursuant to Rule 457(c) of the Securities Act of 1933 solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee based on the average of the high and low prices reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 22, 2019. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 24, 2019 CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION 5,658,641 Shares of Common Stock The selling shareholders identified in this prospectus may offer and sell up to 5,658,641 shares of our common stock, of which (i) 3,754,536 shares of common stock of the registrant, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”), are issuable upon the exercise of common stock purchase warrants of the registrant issued pursuant to private placements (the “Investor Warrants”); (ii) 304,105 shares of Common Stock are issuable upon the exercise of common stock purchase warrants of the registrant issued to the placement agent’s designees in connection with such private placements (the “Agent Warrants,” and together with the Investor Warrants, the “Warrants”); and (iii) 1,600,000 shares of Common Stock were sold to a selling shareholder in a prior private placement. We are not selling any shares of our common stock in this offering and will not receive any proceeds from this offering. However, upon a cash exercise of the Warrants by the selling stockholders, we will receive a per share exercise price of $1.3725 or $0.9365 for Investor Warrants and $1.875 or $1.00 for Agent Warrants, depending on the terms of the Warrant, before any adjustments as set forth in the Warrants. If the Warrants are exercised in a cashless exercise, we will not receive any proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants. We have agreed to pay certain registration expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions. The selling stockholders may from time to time sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of Common Stock in a number of different ways and at varying prices. See “Plan of Distribution” for more information. We may amend or supplement this prospectus from time to time by filing amendments or supplements as required. You should read this entire prospectus and any amendments or supplements carefully before you make your investment decision. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “CREG.” The closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on May 22, 2019, was $0.501 per share. Investing in our Common Stock involves significant risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 11 of this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is , 2019. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 11 Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 25 Use of Proceeds 26 Dividend Policy 26 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 27 Our Business Management 43 Executive Compensation 45 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 47 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 48 Selling Shareholders 49 Plan of Distribution 51 Shares Eligible for Future Sale Experts 54 Legal Matters 54 Where You Can Find More Information 54 Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference 54 This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC pursuant to which the selling stockholders named herein may, from time to time, offer and sell or otherwise dispose of the shares of our common stock covered by this prospectus. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate on any date subsequent to the date set forth on the front cover of this prospectus or that any information we have incorporated by reference is correct on any date subsequent to the date of the document incorporated by reference, even though this prospectus is delivered or shares of common stock are sold or otherwise disposed of on a later date. It is important for you to read and consider all information contained in this prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, in making your investment decision. You should also read and consider the information in the documents to which we have referred you under the captions “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference” in this prospectus. We have not authorized any dealer, salesman or other person to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. You must not rely upon any information or representation not contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of our shares of common stock other than the shares of our common stock covered hereby, nor does this prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. See “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “CREG,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” in this prospectus refer to China Recycling Energy Corporation, our subsidiaries and consolidated entities. “China” and the “PRC” refer to the People’s Republic of China. i Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus, is not complete, and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before making your investment decision. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, including the information presented under the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus before making an investment decision. Overview We are currently engaged in the recycling energy business, providing energy savings and recycling products and services. We are a leading developer of waste energy recycling projects for industrial applications in China, and we believe we are the only developer to use a Build-Operate-Transfer (“BOT”) model to provide energy saving and recovery facilities for multiple energy intensive industries in China. Our waste energy recycling projects allow customers which use substantial amounts of electricity to recapture previously wasted pressure, heat, and gas from their manufacturing processes to generate electricity. We currently offer waste energy recycling systems to companies for use in iron and steel, nonferrous metal, cement, coal and petrochemical plants. We construct our projects at our customer’s facility and the electricity produced is used on-site by the customer. While some of our competitors offer projects targeting one or two verticals, we serve multiple verticals. We develop fully customized projects across several verticals to better meet customer’s energy recovery needs. Our waste pressure-to-energy solution primarily consists of the Blast Furnace Top Gas Recovery Turbine Unit (“TRT”), a system that utilizes high pressure gas emitted from the blast furnace top to drive turbine units and generate electricity. Our waste heat-to-energy solution primarily consists of heat power generation projects for applications in cement, steel, coking coal, and nonferrous metal industries, which collect the residual heat from various manufacturing processes, e.g. the entrance and exit ends of the cement rotary kilns, to generate electricity. Our waste gas-to-energy solution primarily consists of the Waste Gas Power Generation system (“WGPG”) and the Combined Cycle Power Plant (the “CCPP”). A WGPG system utilizes flammable waste gas from coal mining, petroleum exploitation, refinery processing or other sources as a fuel source to generate electricity through the use of a gas turbine. A CCPP system employs more than one power generating cycle to utilize the waste gas, which not only generates electricity by burning the flammable waste gas in a gas turbine (as a WGPG) but also uses the waste heat from burning the gas to make steam to generate additional electricity via a steam turbine. We provide a clean-technology and energy-efficient solution aimed at reducing the air pollution and energy shortage problems in China. Our projects capture industrial waste energy to produce low-cost electricity, enabling industrial manufacturers to reduce their energy costs, lower their operating costs, and extend the life of primary manufacturing equipment. In addition, our waste energy recycling projects allow our industrial customers to reduce their reliance on China’s centralized national power grid, which is prone to black-outs or brown-outs or is completely inaccessible from certain remote areas. Our projects generally produce lower carbon dioxide emissions and other pollutants, and are hence more environmentally friendly than other forms of power generation. Since 2007, we have primarily used the BOT model to serve our customers. For each project, we design, finance, construct and install the waste energy recycling projects for our customers, operate the projects for five to 20 years, and then transfer the projects to the owners. The BOT model creates a win-win solution for both our customers and us. We provide the capital expenditure financing in exchange for attractive returns on each project; our customers can focus their capital resources on their core businesses, do not need to invest additional capitals to comply with government environmental regulations, reduce noise and emissions and reduce their energy costs. We in turn efficiently recapture our costs through the stream of lease payments. 1 Table of Contents Our Projects We design, finance, construct, operate and eventually transfer waste energy recycling projects to meet the energy saving and recovery needs of our customers. Our waste energy recycling projects use the pressure, heat or gas, which is generated as a byproduct of a variety of industrial processes, to create electricity. The residual energy from industrial processes, which was traditionally wasted, may be captured in a recovery process and utilized by our waste energy recycling projects to generate electricity burning additional fuel and additional emissions. Among a wide variety of waste-to-energy technologies and solutions, we primarily focus on waste pressure to energy systems, waste heat to energy systems and waste gas power generation systems. We do not manufacture the equipment and materials that are used in the construction of our waste energy recycling projects. Rather, we incorporate standard power generating equipment into a fully integrated onsite project for our customers. Waste Pressure to Energy Systems TRT is a power generating system utilizing the exhaust pressure and heat from industrial processes in the iron, steel, petrochemical, chemical and non-ferrous metals industries, often from blast furnace gases in the metal production industries. Without TRT power systems, blast furnace gas is treated by various de-pressurizing valves to decrease its pressure and temperature before the gas is transmitted to end users. No electricity is generated during the process and noise and heat pollution is released. In a TRT system, the blast furnace gas produced during the smelting process is directed through the system to decrease its pressure and temperature. The released pressure and heat is then utilized to drive the turbine unit to generate electricity, which is then transmitted back to the producer. We believe our projects are superior to those of our competitors due to the inclusion of advanced dry-type de-dusting technology, joined turbine systems, and automatic power grid synchronization. Waste Heat to Energy Systems Waste heat to energy systems utilize waste heat generated in industrial production to generate electricity. The waste heat is trapped to heat a boiler to create steam and power a steam turbine. Our waste heat to energy systems have used waste heat from cement production and from metal production. We invested in and have built two cement low temperature heat power generation systems. These projects can use about 35% of the waste heat generated by the cement kiln, and generate up to 50% of the electricity needed to operate the cement plant. Waste Gas to Energy Systems Our Waste Gas to Energy Systems primarily include Waste Gas Power Generation (“WGPG”) systems and Combined Cycle Power Plant (“CCPP”) systems. WGPG uses the flammable waste gases emitted from industrial production processes such as blast furnace gas, coke furnace gas, and oil gas, to power gas-fired generators to create energy. A CCPP system employs more than one power generating cycle to utilize the waste gas, which is more efficient because it not only generates electricity by burning the flammable waste gas in a gas-fired generator (WGPG) but also uses the waste heat from burning the gas to make steam to generate additional electricity via a steam generator (CCPP). Shanghai TCH and its Subsidiaries Shanghai TCH was established as a foreign investment enterprise in Shanghai under the laws of the PRC on May 25, 2004 and has a registered capital of $29.80 million. Xi’an TCH was incorporated in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province under the laws of the PRC on November 8, 2007. In February 2009, Huahong was incorporated in Xi’an, Shaanxi province. Erdos TCH was incorporated in April 2009 in Erdos, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. On July 19, 2013, Xi’an TCH formed Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd (“Zhonghong”). Xi’an TCH owns 90% and Shanghai TCH owns 10% of Zhonghong, which provides energy saving solutions and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. As of March 31, 2019, Shanghai TCH, through its subsidiaries, had sales or sales-type leases with Pucheng (for two biomass power generation (“BMPG”) systems). In addition, as of March 31, 2019, Erdos TCH leased power and steam generating systems from waste heat from metal refining to Erdos (a total of five systems) and charges Erdos a leasing fee based on actual electricity generated. 2 Table of Contents Erdos TCH – Joint Venture On April 14, 2009, the Company formed Erdos TCH as a joint venture (the “JV” or “Erdos TCH”) with Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd. (“Erdos”) to recycle waste heat from Erdos’ metal refining plants to generate power and steam to be sold back to Erdos. The JV has a term of 20 years with a total investment for the project estimated at $79 million (RMB 500 million) and an initial investment of $17.55 million (RMB 120 million). Erdos contributed 7% of the total investment for the project, and Xi’an TCH contributed 93%. According to Xi’an TCH and Erdos’ agreement on profit distribution, Xi’an TCH and Erdos will receive 80% and 20%, respectively, of the profit from the JV until Xi’an TCH receives the complete return of its investment. Xi’an TCH and Erdos will then receive 60% and 40%, respectively, of the profit from the JV. On June 15, 2013, Xi’an TCH and Erdos entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which Erdos transferred and sold its 7% ownership interest in the JV to Xi’an TCH for $1.29 million (RMB 8 million), plus certain accumulated profits as described below. Xi’an TCH paid the $1.29 million in July 2013 and, as a result, became the sole stockholder of Erdos TCH. In addition, Xi’an TCH is required to pay Erdos accumulated profits from inception up to June 30, 2013 in accordance with the supplementary agreement entered on August 6, 2013. In August 2013, Xi’an TCH paid 20% of the accumulated profit (calculated under PRC GAAP) of $226,000 to Erdos. Erdos TCH currently has two power generation systems in Phase I with a total of 18 MW power capacity, and three power generation systems in Phase II with a total of 27 MW power capacity. With the current economic conditions in China, the government has limited and reduced over capacity and production in the iron and steel industry, which has resulted in a sharp decrease of Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd’s production of ferrosilicon, its revenue and cash flows, and has made it difficult for Erdos to make the monthly minimum lease payment. After considering the challenging economic conditions facing Erdos, and to maintain the long-term cooperative relationship between the parties, which we believe will continue to produce long-term benefits, on April 28, 2016, Erdos TCH and Erdos entered into a supplemental agreement, effective May 1, 2016. Under the supplemental agreement, Erdos TCH cancelled monthly minimum lease payments from Erdos, and agreed to charge Erdos based on actual electricity sold at RMB 0.30 / KWH, which such price will be adjusted annually based on prevailing market conditions. The Company evaluated the modified terms for payments based on actual electricity sold as minimum lease payments as defined in ASC 840-10-25-4, since lease payments that depend on a factor directly related to the future use of the leased property are contingent rentals and, accordingly, are excluded from minimum lease payments in their entirety. The Company wrote off the net investment receivables of these leases at the lease modification date. Pucheng Biomass Power Generation Projects On June 29, 2010, Xi’an TCH entered into a Biomass Power Generation (“BMPG”) Project Lease Agreement with PuchengXinHeng Yuan Biomass Power Generation Co., Ltd. (“Pucheng”), a limited liability company incorporated in China. Under this lease agreement, Xi’an TCH leased a set of 12MW BMPG systems to Pucheng at a minimum of $279,400 (RMB 1,900,000) per month for a term of 15 years. (“Pucheng Phase I”). On September 11, 2013, Xi’an TCH entered into a BMPG Asset Transfer Agreement (the “Pucheng Transfer Agreement”) with Pucheng Xin Heng Yuan Biomass Power Generation Corporation (“Pucheng”), a limited liability company incorporated in China. The Pucheng Transfer Agreement provided for the sale by Pucheng to Xi’an TCH of a set of 12 MW BMPG systems with the completion of system transformation for a purchase price of RMB 100 million ($16.48 million) in the form of 8,766,547 shares of common stock of the Company at $1.87 per share. Also on September 11, 2013, Xi’an TCH also entered into a BMPG Project Lease Agreement with Pucheng (the “Pucheng Lease”). Under the Pucheng Lease, Xi’an TCH leases this same set of 12 MW BMPG system to Pucheng, and combines this lease with the lease for the 12 MW BMPG station of Pucheng Phase I project, under a single lease to Pucheng for RMB 3.8 million ($0.63 million) per month (the “Pucheng Phase II Project”). The term for the consolidated lease is from September 2013 to June 2025. The lease agreement for the 12 MW station from Pucheng Phase I project terminated upon the effective date of the Pucheng Lease. The ownership of two 12 MW BMPG systems will transfer to Pucheng at no additional charge when the Pucheng Lease expires. 3 Table of Contents Shenqiu Yuneng Biomass Power Generation Projects On May 25, 2011, Xi’an TCH entered into a Letter of Intent with Shenqiu YuNeng Thermal Power Co., Ltd. (“Shenqiu”) to reconstruct and transform a Thermal Power Generation System owned by Shenqiu into a 75T/H BMPG System for $3.57 million (RMB 22.5 million). The project commenced in June 2011 and was completed in the third quarter of 2011. On September 28, 2011, Xi’an TCH entered into a Biomass Power Generation Asset Transfer Agreement with Shenqiu (the “Shenqiu Transfer Agreement”). Pursuant to the Shenqiu Transfer Agreement, Shenqiu sold Xi’an TCH a set of 12 MW BMPG systems (after Xi’an TCH converted the system for BMPG purposes). As consideration for the BMPG systems, Xi’an TCH paid Shenqiu $10.94 million (RMB 70 million) in cash in three installments within six months upon the transfer of ownership of the systems. By the end of 2012, all the consideration was paid. On September 28, 2011, Xi’an TCH and Shenqiu also entered into a Biomass Power Generation Project Lease Agreement (the “2011 Shenqiu Lease”). Under the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, Xi’an TCH agreed to lease a set of 12 MW BMPG systems to Shenqiu at a monthly rental rate of $286,000 (RMB 1.8 million) for 11 years. Upon expiration of the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, ownership of this system will transfer from Xi’an TCH to Shenqiu at no additional cost. In connection with the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, Shenqiu paid one month’s rent as a security deposit to Xi’an TCH, in addition to providing personal guarantees. On October 8, 2012, Xi’an TCH entered into a Letter of Intent for technical reformation of Shenqiu Project Phase II with Shenqiu for technical reformation to enlarge the capacity of the Shenqiu Project Phase I (the “Shenqiu Phase II Project”). The technical reformation involved the construction of another 12 MW BMPG system. After the reformation, the generation capacity of the power plant increased to 24 MW. The project commenced on October 25, 2012 and was completed during the first quarter of 2013. The total cost of the project was $11.1 million (RMB 68 million). On March 30, 2013, Xi’an TCH and Shenqiu entered into a BMPG Project Lease Agreement (the “2013 Shenqiu Lease”). Under the 2013 Shenqiu Lease, Xi’an TCH agreed to lease the second set of 12 MW BMPG systems to Shenqiu for $239,000 (RMB 1.5 million) per month for 9.5 years. When the 2022 Shenqiu Lease expires, ownership of this system will transfer from Xi’an TCH to Shenqiu at no additional cost. On January 4, 2019, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, a resident of China, entered into a Projects Transfer Agreement (the “Agreement”), pursuant to which Xi’an TCH will transfer two Biomass Power Generation Projects in Shenqiu (“Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects”) to Mr. Bai for RMB 127,066,000 ($18.55 million). Mr. Bai agreed to transfer all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi’an Hanneng Enterprises Management Consulting Co. Ltd. (“Xi’an Hanneng”) to Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center, LLP (the “HYREF”) as repayment for the loan made by Xi’an Zhonghong to HYREE as consideration for the transfer of the Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects. The transfer was completed on February 15, 2019. Yida Coke Oven Gas Power Generation Projects On June 28, 2014, Xi’an TCH entered into an Asset Transfer Agreement (the “Transfer Agreement”) with Qitaihe City Boli Yida Coal Selection Co., Ltd. (“Yida”), a limited liability company incorporated in China. The Transfer Agreement provided for the sale to Xi’an TCH of a 15 MW coke oven WGPG station, which was converted from a 15 MW coal gangue power generation station from Yida. As consideration for the Transfer Asset, Xi’an TCH paid Yida RMB 115 million ($18.69 million) in the form of the common stock shares of the Company at the average closing price per share of the Stock for the 10 trading days prior to the closing date of the transaction (the “Shares”). The exchange rate between US Dollar and Chinese RMB in connection with the stock issuance was the rate equal to the middle rate published by the People’s Bank of China on the closing date of the assets transfer. On June 28, 2014, Xi’an TCH also entered into a Coke Oven Gas Power Generation Project Lease Agreement (the “Lease Agreement”) with Yida. Under the Lease Agreement, Xi’an TCH leased the Transfer Asset to Yida for RMB 3 million ($0.49 million) per month, and the term of the lease is from June 28, 2014 to June 27, 2029. Yida will also provide an RMB 3 million ($0.49 million) security deposit (without interest) for the lease. Xi’an TCH will transfer the Transfer Asset back to Yida at no cost at the end of the lease term. On June 22, 2016, Xi’an TCH entered into a Coal Oven Gas Power Generation Project Repurchase Agreement (the “Repurchase Agreement”) with Yida. Under the Repurchase Agreement, Xi’an TCH agreed to transfer to Yida all the project assets for RMB 112,000,000 ($16.89 million) (the “Transfer Price”) with Yida’s retention of ownership of the Shares. Yida agreed to make the following payments: (i) the outstanding monthly leasing fees for April and May 2016 of RMB 6,000,000 ($0.90 million) to Xi’an TCH within 5 business days from the execution of the Repurchase Agreement; (ii) a payment of RMB 50,000,000 ($7.54 million) of the Transfer Price to Xi’an TCH within 5 business days from the execution of the Repurchase Agreement; and (iii) a payment of the remaining RMB 62,000,000 ($9.35 million) of the Transfer Price to Xi’an TCH within 15 business days from the execution of the Repurchase Agreement. Under the Repurchase Agreement, ownership of the project assets was transferred from Xi’an TCH to Yida within 3 business days after Xi’an TCH received the full Transfer Price and the outstanding monthly leasing fees. In July 2016, the Company received the full payment of the Transfer Price and title to the system was transferred at that time. The Company recorded a $0.42 million loss from this transaction in 2016. 4 Table of Contents The Fund Management Company and the HYREF Fund On June 25, 2013, Xi’an TCH and Hongyuan Huifu Venture Capital Co. Ltd (“Hongyuan Huifu”) jointly established Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Management Beijing Co., Ltd (the “Fund Management Company”) with registered capital of RMB 10 million ($1.45 million). Xi’an TCH made an initial capital contribution of RMB 4 million ($650,000) and had a 40% ownership interest in the Fund Management Company. With respect to the Fund Management Company, voting rights and dividend rights were allocated 80% and 20% between Hongyuan Huifu and Xi’an TCH, respectively. The Fund Management Company is the general partner of Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center, LLP (the “HYREF Fund”), a limited liability partnership established July 18, 2013 in Beijing. The Fund Management Company made an initial capital contribution of RMB 5 million ($830,000) to the HYREF Fund. An initial amount of RMB 460 million ($77 million) was fully subscribed by all partners for the HYREF Fund. The HYREF Fund has three limited partners: (1) China Orient Asset Management Co., Ltd., which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 280 million ($46.67 million) to the HYREF Fund and is a preferred limited partner; (2) Hongyuan Huifu, which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 100 million ($16.67 million) to the HYREF Fund and is an ordinary limited partner; and (3) the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Xi’an TCH, which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 75 million ($12.5 million) to the HYREF Fund and is a secondary limited partner. The term of the HYREF Fund’s partnership is six years from the date of its establishment, expiring on July 18, 2019. The term is four years from the date of contribution for the preferred limited partner, and four years from the date of contribution for the ordinary limited partner. The size of the HYREF Fund is RMB 460 million ($76.66 million). The HYREF Fund was formed to invest in Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a then 90% owned subsidiary of Xi’an TCH, for the construction of two coke dry quenching (“CDQ”) waste heat power generation (“WHPG”) stations with Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical Group Co., Ltd. (“Tianyu”) and one CDQ WHPG station with Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd. (“Chengli”). Chengli Waste Heat Power Generation Projects On July 19, 2013, Xi’an TCH formed a new company, “Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.” (“Zhonghong”), with registered capital of RMB 30 million ($4.85 million). Xi’an TCH paid RMB 27 million ($4.37 million) and owns 90% of Zhonghong. Zhonghong is engaged to provide energy saving solution and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. On December 29, 2018, Shanghai TCH entered into a Share Transfer Agreement with HYREF, pursuant to which HYREF transferred its 10% ownership in Xi’an Zhonghong to Shanghai TCH for consideration of RMB 3 million ($0.44 million). The transfer was completed January 22, 2019. On July 24, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative Agreement of CDQ and CDQ WHPG Project with Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd. (“Chengli”). The parties entered into a supplement agreement on July 26, 2013. Pursuant to these agreements, Zhonghong agreed to design, build and maintain a 25 MW CDQ system and a CDQ WHPG system to supply power to Chengli, and Chengli agreed to pay energy saving fees (the “Chengli Project”). Chengli will contract the operation of the system to a third party contractor that is mutually agreed to by Zhonghong. In addition, Chengli will provide the land for the CDQ system and CDQ WHPG system at no cost to Zhonghong. The term of these Agreements is 20 years. The watt hours generated by the Chengli Project will be charged at RMB 0.42 ($0.068) per KWH (excluding tax). The operating time shall be based upon an average 8,000 hours annually. If the operating time is less than 8,000 hours per year due to a reason attributable to Chengli, then time charged shall be 8,000 hours a year, and if it is less than 8,000 hours due to a reason attributable to Zhonghong, then it shall be charged at actual operating hours. The construction of the Chengli Project was completed in the second quarter of 2015 and the project successfully completed commissioning tests in the first quarter of 2017. The Chengli Project is now operational, however, due to intensifying environmental protection, the local environmental authorities required the project owner constructing CDQ sewage treatment to complete supporting works, which were completed and passed through acceptance inspection during the quarter ended September 30, 2018. However, the owner of Chengli Project changed from Chengli to Shandong Boxing Shengli Technology Company Ltd. (“Shengli”). This change resulted from transfer of the equity ownership of Chengli to Shengli (a private company). Chengli, a 100% state-owned enterprise that is 100% owned by the local Power Supply Bureau, is not allowed to carry out business activities, and Shengli, the new owner, is not entitled to the high on-grid prices, and thus demanded a renegotiation of the settlement terms for the project. 5 Table of Contents On July 22, 2013, Zhonghong entered into an Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) General Contractor Agreement for the Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd. CDQ Power Generation Project (the “Chengli Project”) with Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (“Huaxin”). Zhonghong, as the owner of the Chengli Project, contracted EPC services for a CDQ system and a 25 MW CDQ WHPG system for Chengli to Huaxin. Huaxin shall provide construction, equipment procurement, transportation, installation and adjustment, test run, construction engineering management and other necessary services to complete the Chengli Project and ensure the CDQ system and CDQ WHPG system for Chengli meet the inspection and acceptance requirements and work normally. The Chengli Project is a turn-key project in which Huaxin is responsible for monitoring the quality, safety, duration and cost of the Chengli Project. The total contract price is RMB 200 million ($33.34 million), which includes all materials, equipment, labor, transportation, electricity, water, waste disposal, machinery and safety costs. On December 29, 2018, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, the “HYREF”, Guohua Ku, and Mr. Chonggong Bai entered into a CDQ WHPG Station Fixed Assets Transfer Agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Zhonghong transferred Chengli CDQ WHPG station as the repayment of loan at RMB 188,639,400 ($27.54 million) to HYREF. Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, Guohua Ku and Chonggong Bai also agreed to buy back the CDQ WHPG Station when conditions under the Buy Back Agreement are met. The transfer was completed January 22, 2019. Tianyu Waste Heat Power Generation Project On July 19, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative Agreement (the “Tianyu Agreement”) for Energy Management of CDQ and CDQ WHPG with Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical Group Co., Ltd (“Tianyu”). Pursuant to the Tianyu Agreement, Zhonghong will design, build, operate and maintain two sets of 25 MW CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for two subsidiaries of Tianyu – Xuzhou Tian’an Chemical Co., Ltd (“Xuzhou Tian’an”) and Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. (“Xuzhou Huayu”) – to be located at Xuzhou Tian’an and Xuzhou Huayu’s respective locations (the “Tianyu Project”). Upon completion of the Tianyu Project, Zhonghong will charge Tianyu an energy saving fee of RMB 0.534 ($0.087) per KWH (excluding tax). The operating time will be based upon an average 8,000 hours annually for each of Xuzhou Tian’an and Xuzhou Huayu. If the operating time is less than 8,000 hours per year due to a reason attributable to Tianyu, then time charged will be 8,000 hours a year. Because of the overcapacity and pollution of the iron and steel and related industries, the government has imposed production limitations for the energy-intensive enterprises with heavy pollution, including Xuzhou Tian’an. Xuzhou Tian’an has slowed the construction process for its dry quenching production line which caused the delay of our project. The construction of the Xuzhou Tian’an Project is anticipated to be completed by the second quarter of 2019. Xuzhou Tian’an will provide the land for the CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for free. Xuzhou Tian’an has also guaranteed that it will purchase all of the power generated by the CDQ WHPG systems. The Xuzhou Huayu Project is currently on hold due to a conflict between Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. and local residents on certain pollution-related issues. The local government has acted in its capacity to coordinate the resolution of this issue. The local residents were requested to move from the hygienic buffer zone of the project location with compensatory payments from the government. Xuzhou Huayu was required to stop production and implement technical innovations to mitigate pollution discharge including sewage treatment, dust collection, noise control, and recycling of coal gas. Currently, some local residents have moved. Xuzhou Huayu has completed the implementation of the technical innovations of sewage treatment, dust collection, and noise control, and the Company is waiting for local governmental agencies to approve these technical innovations so that we can resume construction. Due to the stricter administration of environmental protection policies and recent increase of environmental protections for the coking industry in Xuzhou, all local coking, as well as steel iron enterprises, are facing a similar situation of suspended production while rectifying technologies and procedures. The Company expects to receive governmental acceptance and approval and to resume construction in the second quarter of 2019. On July 22, 2013, Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. entered into an EPC General Contractor Agreement for the Xuzhou Tianyu Group CDQ Power Generation Project (the “Project”) with Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (“Huaxin”). Zhonghong as the owner of the Project contracted EPC for the two sets of CDQ and 25 MW CDQ WHPG systems for Tianyu to Huaxin—one for Xuzhou Tian’an and one for Xuzhou Huayu. Huaxin shall provide construction, equipment procurement, transportation, installation and adjustment, test run, construction engineering management and other necessary works to complete the Project and ensure the CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for Tianyu meet the inspection and acceptance requirements and work normally. The Project is a turn-key project and Huaxin is responsible for the quality, safety, duration and cost of the Project. The total contract price is RMB 400 million ($66.67 million), of which RMB 200 million ($33.34 million) is for the Xuzhou Tian’an system and RMB 200 million is for the Xuzhou Huayu system. The price is a cover-all price, which includes but not limited to all the materials, equipment, labor, transportation, electricity, water, waste disposal, machinery and safety matters. 6 Table of Contents On January 4, 2019, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, entered into a Projects Transfer Agreement (the “Agreement”), pursuant to which Xi’an Zhonghong will transfer a CDQ WHPG station (under construction) located in Xuzhou City for Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. (“Xuzhou Huayu Project”) to Mr. Bai for RMB 120,000,000 ($17.52 million). Mr. Bai agreed to transfer all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi’an Hanneng, to the HYREF as repayment for the loan made by Xi’an Zhonghong to HYREF as consideration for the transfer of the Xuzhou Huayu Project. The transfer was completed on February 15, 2019. Zhongtai Waste Heat Power Generation Energy Management Cooperative Agreement On December 6, 2013, Xi’an TCH entered into a CDQ and WHPG Energy Management Cooperative Agreement (the “Zhongtai Agreement”) with Xuzhou Zhongtai Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (“Zhongtai”), a limited liability company incorporated in Jiangsu Province, China. Pursuant to the Zhongtai Agreement, Xi’an TCH will design, build and maintain a 150 ton per hour CDQ system and a 25 MW CDQ WHPG system (the “Project”) and sell the power to Zhongtai, and Xi’an TCH will also build a furnace to generate steam from the waste heat of the smoke pipeline and sell the steam to Zhongtai. The construction period of the Project is expected to be 18 months from the date when conditions are ready for construction to begin. Zhongtai will start to pay an energy saving fee from the date when the WHPG station passes the required 72-hour test run. The term of payment is 20 years. For the first 10 years of the term, Zhongtai shall pay an energy saving fee at RMB 0.534 ($0.089) per KWH (including value added tax) for the power generated from the system. For the second 10 years of the term, Zhongtai shall pay an energy saving fee at RMB 0.402 ($0.067) per KWH (including value added tax). During the term of the contract the energy saving fee shall be adjusted at the same percentage as the change of local grid electricity price. Zhongtai shall also pay an energy saving service fee for the steam supplied by Xi’an TCH at RMB 100 ($16.67) per ton (including value added tax). Zhongtai and its parent company will provide guarantees to ensure Zhongtai will fulfill its obligations under the Agreement. Upon the completion of the term, Xi’an TCH will transfer the systems to Zhongtai at RMB 1 ($0.16). Zhongtai shall provide waste heat to the systems for no less than 8,000 hours per year and waste gas volume no less than 150,000 Nm3 per hour with a temperature no less than 950°C. If these requirements are not met, the term of the Zhongtai Agreement will be extended accordingly. If Zhongtai wants to terminate the Zhongtai Agreement early, it shall provide Xi’an TCH a 60 day notice and pay the termination fee and compensation for the damages to Xi’an TCH according to the following formula: (i) if it is less than five years into the term when Zhongtai requests termination, Zhongtai shall pay: Xi’an TCH’s total investment amount plus Xi’an TCH’s annual investment return times five years minus the years in which the system has already operated; or (ii) if it is more than five years into the term when Zhongtai requests the termination, Zhongtai shall pay Xi’an TCH’s total investment amount minus total amortization cost (the amortization period is 10 years). On March 14, 2016, Xi’an TCH entered into a Xuzhou Zhongtai CDQ and Waste Heat Power Generation System Transfer Agreement (the “Transfer Agreement”) with Zhongtai and Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in China (the “Contractor”). 7 Table of Contents The Transfer Agreement provides for the sale to Zhongtai of all the assets of the Project under construction from Xi’an TCH. Additionally, Xi’an TCH will transfer to Zhongtai the Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) Contract for the Project, which Xi’an TCH had entered into with the Contractor in connection with the Project. As consideration for the transfer of the Project, Zhongtai is to pay to Xi’an TCH an aggregate purchase price of RMB 167,360,000 ($25.75 million and the “Transfer Price”), on the following schedule: (i) RMB 50,000,000 ($7.69 million) of the Transfer Price was paid within 20 business days from the execution of the Transfer Agreement; (ii) RMB 30,000,000 ($4.32 million) of the Transfer Price was paid within 20 business days upon the completion of the construction of the Project but not later than July 30, 2016; and (iii) RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) of the Transfer Price was to be paid before July 30, 2017. The temporary ownership of the Project was transferred from Xi’an TCH to Zhongtai after the Xi’an TCH received the first payment of RMB 50,000,000, and the full ownership of the Project is to be officially transferred to Zhongtai upon full payment of the Transfer Price. The Zhongtai Agreement is to be terminated and Xi’an TCH will agree not to pursue any breach of contract liability against the Zhongtai under the Zhongtai Agreement when Zhongtai fully pays the Transfer Price according to the terms of the Transfer Agreement. If the Transfer Price is not fully paid on time pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, the Transfer Agreement automatically terminates and Xi’an TCH retains ownership of the Project, and both parties would continue to possess their respective rights and obligations according to the Zhongtai Agreement and assume the liabilities for breach of the Zhongtai Agreement. Xuzhou Taifa Special Steel Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xuzhou Taifa”) has guaranteed the payments by Zhongtai. The Company recorded a $2.82 million loss from this transaction in 2016. In 2016, Xi’an TCH received the first payment of $7.70 million and the second payment of $4.32 million. However, the Company received a repayment commitment letter from Zhongtai on February 23, 2018, in which Zhongtai committed to pay the remaining payment of RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) no later than the end of July 2018; in July 2018, Zhongtai and the Company reached a further oral agreement to extend the repayment term of RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) by another two to three months. In August 2018, the Company received $1,070,000 from Zhongtai; as of March 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, the Company had receivable from Zhongtai for $11.88 million (with bad debt allowance of $3.56 million). Zhongtai provided an acknowledgement letter to the Company stating they expect to repay the remaining balance of $11.88 million by the end of October 2019, once it resumes normal production. Formation of Zhongxun On March 24, 2014, Xi’an TCH incorporated a new subsidiary, Zhongxun Energy Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd (“Zhongxun”) with registered capital of $5,695,502 (RMB 35,000,000), to be paid no later than October 1, 2028. Zhongxun is 100% owned by Xi’an TCH and is mainly engaged in project investment, investment management, economic information consulting, and technical services. Zhongxun has not yet commenced operations as of the date of this report. Formation of Yinghua On February 11, 2015, the Company incorporated a new subsidiary, Shanghai Yinghua Financial Leasing Co., Ltd (“Yinghua”) with registered capital of $30,000,000, to be paid within 10 years from the date the business license is issued. Yinghua is 100% owned by the Company and is mainly engaged in financial leasing, purchase of financial leasing assets, disposal and repair of financial leasing assets, consulting and ensuring of financial leasing transactions, and related factoring business. Yinghua has not yet commenced operations as of the date of this report. Summary of Sales-Type Leases at March 31, 2019 As of March 31, 2019, the Company had the following sales-type leases: BMPG systems to Pucheng Phase I and II (15 and 11-year terms, respectively). Asset Repurchase Agreement During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company entered into or completed the following Asset Repurchase Agreements: On November 16, 2015, Xi’an TCH entered into a Transfer Agreement of CDQ and a CDQ WHPG system with Rongfeng and Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in China (“Xi’an Huaxin”). The Transfer Agreement provided for the sale to Rongfeng of the CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation Project (the “Project”) from Xi’an TCH. Additionally, Xi’an TCH agreed to transfer to Rongfeng the Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) Contract for the CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation Project which Xi’an TCH had entered into with Xi’an Huaxin in connection with the Project. As consideration for the transfer of the Project, Rongfeng will pay to Xi’an TCH an aggregate purchase price of RMB 165,200,000 ($25.45 million), whereby (a) RMB 65,200,000 ($10.05 million) will be paid by Rongfeng to Xi’an TCH within 20 business days after the Transfer Agreement is signed, (b) RMB 50,000,000 ($7.70 million) will be paid by Rongfeng to Xi’an TCH within 20 business days after the Project is completed, but no later than March 31, 2016 and (c) RMB 50,000,000 ($7.70 million) will be paid by Rongfeng to Xi’an TCH no later than September 30, 2016. Mr. Cheng Li, the largest stockholder of Rongfeng, has personally guaranteed the payments. The ownership of the Project was conditionally transferred to Rongfeng within 3 business days following the initial payment of RMB 65,200,000 ($10.05 million) by Rongfeng to Xi’an TCH and the full ownership of the Project has been officially transferred to Rongfeng after it completes the entire payment pursuant to the Transfer Agreement. The Company recorded a $3.78 million loss from this transaction in 2015. The Company received full payment of $25.45 million in 2016. 8 Table of Contents In March 2016, Xi’an TCH entered into a Transfer Agreement of CDQ and a CDQ WHPG system with Zhongtai and Xi’an Huaxin (the “Transfer Agreement”). Under the Transfer Agreement, Xi’an TCH agreed to transfer to Zhongtai all of the assets associated with the CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation Project (the “Project”), which is under construction pursuant to the Zhongtai Agreement. Xi’an Huaxin will continue to construct and complete the Project and Xi’an TCH agreed to transfer all its rights and obligation under the “EPC” Contract to Zhongtai. As consideration for the transfer of the Project, Zhongtai agreed to pay to Xi’an TCH an aggregate transfer price of RMB 167,360,000 ($25.77 million) including payments of: (i) RMB 152,360,000 ($23.46 million) for the construction of the Project; and (ii) RMB 15,000,000 ($2.31 million) as payment for partial loan interest accrued during the construction period. Those amounts have been, or will be, paid by Zhongtai to Xi’an TCH according to the following schedule: (a) RMB 50,000,000 ($7.70 million) was paid within 20 business days after the Transfer Agreement was signed; (b) RMB 30,000,000 ($4.32 million) will be paid within 20 business days after the Project is completed, but no later than July 30, 2016; and (c) RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) will be paid no later than July 30, 2017. Xuzhou Taifa Special Steel Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xuzhou Taifa”) has guaranteed the payments from Zhongtai to Xi’an TCH. The ownership of the Project was conditionally transferred to Zhongtai following the initial payment of RMB 50,000,000 ($7.70 million) by Zhongtai to Xi’an TCH and the full ownership of the Project will be officially transferred to Zhongtai after it completes all payments pursuant to the Transfer Agreement. Xi’an TCH received the first payment of $7.70 million and the second payment of $4.32 million in 2016. The Company recorded a $2.82 million loss from this transaction. As of the date of this report, the Company has not yet received the remaining payment of RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million). However, the Company received a repayment commitment letter from Zhongtai on February 23, 2018, in which Zhongtai committed to pay the remaining payment of RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) no later than the end of July 2018. In July 2018, Zhongtai and the Company reached a further oral agreement to extend the repayment term of RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) by another two to three months. In August 2018, the Company received $1,070,000 from Zhongtai. As of March 31, 2019, the Company had receivables from Zhongtai for $11.66 million (with bad debt allowance of $3.50 million). On January 23, 2019, Zhongtai provided an ackno Corporate History The Company was incorporated on May 8, 1980 as Boulder Brewing Company under the laws of the State of Colorado. On September 6, 2001, the Company changed its state of incorporation to the State of Nevada. In 2004, the Company changed its name from Boulder Brewing Company to China Digital Wireless, Inc. and on March 8, 2007, again changed its name from China Digital Wireless, Inc. to its current name, China Recycling Energy Corporation. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides energy saving solutions and services, including selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers, project investment, investment management, economic information consulting, technical services, financial leasing, purchase of financial leasing assets, disposal and repair of financial leasing assets, consulting and ensuring of financial leasing transactions in the Peoples Republic of China (“PRC”). Our business is primarily conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Yinghua and Sifeng, Sifeng’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Huahong and Shanghai TCH, Shanghai TCH’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Xi’an TCH, Xi’an TCH’s wholly-owned subsidiary Erdos TCH and Xi’an TCH’s 90% owned and Shanghai TCH’s 10% owned subsidiary Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Zhongxun. Shanghai TCH was established as a foreign investment enterprise in Shanghai under the laws of the PRC on May 25, 2004, and currently has registered capital of $29.80 million. Xi’an TCH was incorporated in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province under the laws of the PRC in November 2007. Erdos TCH was incorporated in April 2009. Huahong was incorporated in February 2009. Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. was incorporated in July 2013. Xi’an TCH owns 90% and Shanghai TCH owns 10% of Zhonghong. Zhonghong provides energy saving solutions and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. Zhongxun was incorporated in March 2014, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xi’an TCH. Our Offices We are headquartered in China. Our principal executive offices are located at 4/F, Tower C, Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building, Keji 3 rd Road, Beilin District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi Province, China, and our telephone number at this location is +86-29-8769-1098. Other Information For a complete description of our business, financial condition, results of operations and other important information, we refer you to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) that are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. For instructions on how to find copies of these documents, please see the section titled “Incorporation of Certain Information by reference” beginning on page 54 of this prospectus. 9 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Common stock offered by selling shareholders Up to 5,658,641 shares, of which (i) 3,754,536 shares of common stock of the registrant, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”), are issuable upon the exercise of common stock purchase warrants of the registrant issued pursuant to private placement concurrently with our registered direct offerings on April 15, 2019 (the “April Warrants”) and October 29, 2018 (the “October Warrants” and together with the April Warrants, the “Investor Warrants”); (ii) 304,105 shares of Common Stock that are issuable upon the exercise of common stock purchase warrants of the registrant issued to the placement agent’s designees in connection with such private placements (the “Agent Warrants,” and together with the Investor Warrants, the “Warrants”); and (iii) 1,600,000 shares of Common Stock sold to a selling shareholder in a prior private placement, dated February 13, 2019. Common stock to be outstanding after the offering Up to 16,106,498 shares. Exercise prices, conditions and terms Use of proceeds The October Warrants are currently exercisable, and the April Warrants will be exercisable beginning on the six month anniversary of the date of issuance. The Investor Warrants will expire on the five and one-half year anniversaries of their respective dates of issuance. 138,956 shares of Agent Warrants are current exercisable and the remaining 165,149 shares of Agent Warrants will be exercisable on the later of (i) October 16, 2019, which is six months of the issuance date or (ii) the date on which the Company increases the number of its authorized shares, and shall expire on October 29, 2023 and April 15, 2024, respectively. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of our Common Stock by the selling stockholders in this offering. See “Use of Proceeds” for a complete description. Nasdaq Capital Market ticker symbol CREG Risk Factors Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review and consider the “Risk Factors” beginning on page 11 of this prospectus, which incorporates by reference risk factors set forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. The number of shares of our common stock outstanding after the offering is based on 16,106,498 shares of our common stock outstanding as of May 23, 2019, which excludes 4,058,641 shares of our Common Stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants outstanding as of May 23, 2019. 10 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves significant risks. You should carefully consider each of the risk factors set forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019, as amended by that Form 10-K/A filed on April 29, 2019, and as may be updated from time to time by our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings filed after such annual report, and future filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement. Any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If that occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline materially and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks we have incorporated by reference into this prospectus are not the only risks we face. We may experience additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or as a result of developments occurring in the future. Conditions that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to our Common Stock The market price for our common stock may be volatile . The market price for our common stock is highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: ● actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; ● announcements of new services by us or our competitors; ● announcements by our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; ● changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; ● conditions in the energy recycling market; ● changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other companies involved in the same industry; ● changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; ● loss of external funding sources; ● failure to maintain compliance with NASDAQ listing rules; ● additions or departures of key personnel; ● potential litigation; ● conditions in the market; or ● relatively small size of shares of our common stock available for purchase. In addition, the securities markets from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 11 Table of Contents Shareholders could experience substantial dilution . We may issue additional shares of our capital stock to raise additional cash for working capital. If we issue additional shares of our capital stock, our shareholders will experience dilution in their respective percentage ownership in the company. We have no present intention to pay dividends . We have not paid dividends or made other cash distributions on our common stock during any of the past three years, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings for working capital and to finance current operations and expansion of our business. A large portion of our common stock is controlled by a small number of shareholders . A large portion of our common stock is held by a small number of shareholders. As a result, these shareholders are able to influence the outcome of shareholder votes on various matters, including the election of directors and extraordinary corporate transactions including business combinations. In addition, the occurrence of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, may affect our stock price and could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. Furthermore, the current ratios of ownership of our common stock reduce the public float and liquidity of our common stock which can in turn affect the market price of our common stock. We may be unable to maintain compliance with NASDAQ Marketplace Rules which could cause our common stock to be delisted from the NASDAQ Capital Market. This could result in the lack of a market for our common stock, cause a decrease in the value of our common stock, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules our common stock must maintain a minimum price of $1.00 per share for continued inclusion on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The per share price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly. We cannot guarantee that our stock price will remain at or above $1.00 per share and if the price again drops below $1.00 per share, the stock could become subject to delisting. If our common stock is delisted, trading of the stock will most likely take place on an over-the-counter market established for unlisted securities. An investor is likely to find it less convenient to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our common stock on an over-the-counter market, and many investors may not buy or sell our common stock due to difficulty in accessing over-the-counter markets, or due to policies preventing them from trading in securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons. For these reasons and others, delisting would adversely affect the liquidity, trading volume and price of our common stock, causing the value of an investment in us to decrease and having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations by limiting our ability to attract and retain qualified executives and employees and limiting our ability to raise capital. On June 19, 2015, the Company was notified by The NASDAQ Stock Market (the “NASDAQ”) that the Company was not in compliance with the $1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement under the NASDAQ Listing Rules (the “Minimum Closing Bid Price”) and the Company was afforded 180 calendar days, or until December 16, 2015, to regain compliance with the requirement of Minimum Closing Bid Price. The Company did not regain compliance with the minimum $1.00 bid price per share by December 16, 2015. On December 7, 2015, the Company transferred the listing of its securities from The NASDAQ Global Market to The Nasdaq Capital Market (the “Capital Market”). On December 17, 2015, the Company received a letter from NASDAQ indicating that NASDAQ determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until June 13, 2016 (the “Second Compliance Period”), to regain compliance. NASDAQ’s determination was based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and the Company’s written notice to NASDAQ of its intention to cure the deficiency during the Second Compliance Period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. On May 24, 2016, the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State’s office a Certificate of Change, by which the Company authorized and approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company’s authorized shares of common stock from 200,000,000 shares to 20,000,000 shares, accompanied by a corresponding decrease in the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the “Reverse Stock Split”). The common stock continues to have a par value of $0.001. The Certificate of Change became effective on May 25, 2016, and the Reverse Stock Split became effective for trading purposes at the market opening on May 26, 2016, at which time the Company’s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on a split-adjusted basis under the symbol “CREG.” The CUSIP number for the Company’s common stock post-Reverse Stock Split is 168913200. 12 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Business Operations In recent years, the growth of Chinese economy has experienced slowdown, and if the growth of the economy continues to slow or if the economy contracts, our financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. The rapid growth of the PRC economy has historically resulted in widespread growth opportunities in industries across China. As a result of the global financial crisis and the inability of enterprises to gain comparable access to the same amounts of capital available in past years, the business climate has changed and growth of private enterprise in the PRC have slowed down. An economic slowdown could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Further, if economic growth slows, and if, in conjunction, inflation is allowed to proceed unchecked, our costs would likely increase, and there can be no assurance that we would be able to increase our prices to an extent that would offset the increase in our expenses. We depend on the waste energy of our customers to generate electricity . We acquire waste pressure, heat and gases from steelworks, cement, coking or metallurgy plants and use these to generate power. Therefore, our power generating capacity depends on the availability of an adequate supply of our “raw materials” from our customers. If we do not have enough supply, power generated for those customers will be impeded. Since our contracts are often structured so that we receive compensation based on the amount of energy we supply, a reduction in production may cause problems for our revenues and results of operations. Our revenue depends on gaining new customers and project contracts and purchase commitments from customers . Currently and historically, we have only had a limited number of projects in process at any time. Thus, our revenues have historically resulted, and are expected to continue in the immediate future to result, primarily from the sale and operation of our waste energy recycling projects that, once completed, typically produce ongoing revenues from energy production. Customers may change or delay orders for any number of reasons, such as force majeure or government approval factors that are unrelated to us. As a result, in order to maintain and expand our business, we must continue to develop and obtain new orders. However, it is difficult to predict whether and when we will receive such orders or project contracts due to the lengthy process, which may be affected by factors that we do not control, such as market and economic conditions, financing arrangements, commodity prices, environmental issues and government approvals. We may require additional funds to run our business and may be required to raise these funds on terms which are not favorable to us or which reduce our stock price. We may need to complete additional equity or debt financings to fund our operations. Our inability to obtain additional financing could adversely affect our business. Financings may not be available at all or on terms favorable to us. In addition, these financings, if completed, may not meet our capital needs and could result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. Changes in the economic and credit environment could have an adverse effect on demand for our projects, which would in turn have a negative impact on our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial condition, our ability to borrow and our stock price . Since late 2008 and continuing through 2018, global market and economic conditions have been disrupted and volatile. Concerns over slowdown of Chinese economy, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, to this increased volatility. These factors, combined with declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, precipitated a global recession. It is difficult to predict how long the current economic conditions will persist or whether they will deteriorate further. As a result, these conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The slow growth of global economy has also resulted in tighter credit conditions, which may lead to higher financing costs. Although poor market conditions can act as an incentive for our customers to reduce their energy costs, if the global economic slowdown persists and has material adverse effects on our customers’ business, our customers may delay or cancel their plan of installing waste energy recycling projects. 13 Table of Contents Decreases in the price of coal, oil and gas or a decline in popular support for “green” energy technologies could reduce demand for our waste energy recycling projects, which could materially harm our ability to grow our business . Higher coal, oil and gas prices provide incentives for customers to invest in “green” energy technologies such as our waste energy recycling projects that reduce their need for fossil fuels. Conversely, lower coal, oil and gas prices would tend to reduce the incentive for customers to invest in capital equipment to produce electric power or seek out alternative energy sources. Demand for our projects and services depends in part on the current and future commodity prices of coal, oil and gas. We have no control over the current or future prices of these commodities. In addition, popular support by governments, corporations and individuals for “green” energy technologies may change. Because of the ongoing development of, and the possible change in support for, “green” energy technologies we cannot assure you that negative changes to this industry will not occur. Changes in government or popular support for “green” energy technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. Changes in the growth of demand for or pricing of electricity could reduce demand for our waste energy recycling projects, which could materially harm our ability to grow our business . Our revenues depend on our ability to provide savings on energy costs for our clients. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of the PRC, China’s total electricity consumption in 2018 was 6.84 trillion kilowatt-hours, up 8.5 percent year on year, the highest growth rate since 2012. The growth in electricity consumption increases due to the continued development of the Chinese economy. However, such growth is unpredictable and depends on general economic conditions and consumer demand, both of which are beyond our control. Furthermore, pricing of electricity in the PRC is set in advance by the state or local electricity administration and may be artificially depressed by governmental regulation or influenced by supply and demand imbalances. If these changes reduce the cost of electricity from traditional sources of supply, the demand for our waste energy recycling projects could be reduced, and therefore, could materially harm our ability to grow our business. Our insurance may not cover all liabilities and damages . Our industry can be dangerous and hazardous. The insurance we carry might not be enough to cover all the liabilities and damages that may be caused by potential accidents. A downturn in the Chinese economy may slow down our growth and profitability . The growth of the Chinese economy has been uneven across geographic regions and economic sectors. There is no assurance that growth of the Chinese economy will be steady or that any downturn will not have a negative effect on our business. Our profitability will decrease if less energy is consumed due to a downturn in the Chinese economy. 14 Table of Contents Our heavy reliance on the experience and expertise of our management may cause adverse impacts on us if a management member departs . We depend on key personnel for the success of our business. Our business may be severely disrupted if we lose the services of our key executives and employees or fail to add new senior and middle managers to our management. Our future success is heavily dependent upon the continued service of our key executives. We also rely on a number of key technology staff for the operation of our company. Our future success is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified senior and middle managers to our management team. If one or more of our current or future key executives or employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to easily replace them, and our business may be severely disrupted. In addition, if any of these key executives or employees joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we could lose customers and suppliers and incur additional expenses to recruit and train personnel. We do not maintain key-man life insurance for any of our key executives. We may need more capital for the operation and failure to raise capital we need may delay the development plan and reduce the profits . If we do not have adequate income or our capital cannot meet the requirement for expansion of operations, we will need to seek financing to continue our business development. If we fail to acquire adequate financial resources at acceptable terms, we might have to postpone our proposed business development plans and reduce projections of our future incomes. Our use of a “Build-Operate-Transfer” model requires us to invest substantial financial and technical resources in a project before we deliver a waste energy recycling project . We use a “Build-Operate-Transfer” model to provide our waste energy recycling projects to our customers. This process requires us to provide significant capital at the beginning of each project. The design, construction and completion of a waste energy recycling project is highly technical and the time necessary to complete a project can take three to 12 months without any delays, including delays outside our control such as from the result of customer’s operations, and we incur significant expenses as part of this process. Our initial cash outlay and the length of the delivery time makes us particularly vulnerable to the loss of a significant customer or contract because we may be unable to quickly replace the lost cash flow. Our BOT model and the accounting for our projects as sales-type leases could result in a difference between our revenue recognition and our cash flows . While we recognize a large portion of the revenue from each project when it goes on-line, all of the cash flow from the project is received in even monthly payments across the term of the lease. Although our revenues may be high, the initial cash outlay required for each project is substantial and even with the recovery of this cost in the early years of each lease, we may need to raise additional capital resulting in a dilution in your holdings. This discrepancy between revenue recognition and cash flow could also contribute to volatility in our stock price. There is collection risk associated with payments to be received over the terms of agreements with customers of our waste energy recycling projects . We depend in part on the viability of our customers for collections under our BOT model. Customers may experience financial difficulties that could cause them to be unable to fulfill their contractual payment obligations to us. Although our customers usually provide collateral or other guarantees to secure their obligations to provide the minimum electricity income from the waste energy recycling projects, there is no guarantee that such collateral will be sufficient to meet all obligations under the respective contract. As a result, our future revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected. 15 Table of Contents We may not be able to assemble and deliver our waste energy recycling projects as quickly as customers may require which could cause us to lose sales and could harm our reputation . We may not be able to assemble our waste energy recycling projects and deliver them to our customers at the times they require. Manufacturing delays and interruptions can occur for many reasons, including, but not limited to: ● the failure of a supplier to deliver needed components on a timely basis or of acceptable quality; ● equipment failures; ● personnel shortage; ● labor disputes; or ● transportation disruptions. Assembly of our waste energy recycling projects is complex. If we fail to assemble and deliver our waste energy recycling projects in a timely fashion, our reputation may be harmed, we may jeopardize existing orders and lose potential future sales, and we may be forced to pay penalties to our customers. We operate in an emerging competitive industry and if we are unable to compete successfully our revenue and profitability will be adversely affected . Currently, the PRC waste energy recycling market is fragmented but competitive. As the industry evolves, we anticipate that competition will increase. We currently face competition primarily from companies that focus on one type of waste energy recycling project or one industry in the waste energy recycling market, some of which may have more expertise in their area of focus than we do. We also compete against companies that have substantial competitive advantage because of longer operating histories and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial and other resources than us. Our largest potential clients may choose to build their own systems. National or global competitors could enter the market with more substantial financial and workforce resources, stronger existing customer relationships, and greater name recognition or could choose to target medium to small companies in our traditional markets. Competitors could focus their substantial resources on developing a more attractive solution set than ours or products with technologies that reduce demand for energy beyond what our solutions can provide and at cheaper prices. Competition also places downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins, which presents us with significant challenges in our ability to maintain strong growth rates and acceptable profit margins. If we are unable to meet these competitive challenges, we could lose market share to our competitors and experience an overall reduction in our profits. If we infringe the rights of third parties, we could be prevented from selling products, forced to pay damages and compelled to defend against litigation . If our waste energy recycling projects, methods, processes and other technologies infringe proprietary rights of other parties, we may have to obtain licenses (which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all), redesign our waste energy recycling projects or processes, stop using the subject matter claimed in the asserted patents, pay damages, or defend litigation or administrative proceedings, which may be costly whether we win or lose. All of the above could result in a substantial diversion of valuable management resources and we could incur substantial costs. We believe we have taken reasonable steps, including prior patent searches, to ensure we have the freedom to operate under our intellectual property rights, and that our development and commercialization efforts can be carried out as planned without infringing others’ proprietary rights. However, a third-party patent may have been filed or will be filed that may contain subject matter of relevance to our development, causing a third-party patent holder to claim infringement. Resolution of such issues sometimes results in lengthy and costly legal proceedings, the outcome of which we cannot predict accurately. We may not be able to adequately respond to changes in technology affecting the waste energy recycling industry . Our industry could experience rapid technological changes and new product introductions. Current competitors or new market entrants could introduce new or enhanced products with features which render the systems used in our projects obsolete or less marketable. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to changing technology and industry standards in a timely and cost-effective manner. We may not be successful in effectively using new technologies, developing new systems or enhancing our existing systems and technology on a timely basis. Our new technologies or enhancements may not achieve market acceptance. Our pursuit of new technologies may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept. Finally, we may not succeed in adapting our projects to new technologies as they emerge. 16 Table of Contents We are dependent on third parties for manufacturing key components and delays by third parties may cause delays in assembly and increased costs to us . We rely upon third parties for the manufacture of key components. Delays and difficulties in the manufacturing of our waste energy recycling projects could substantially harm our revenues. There are limited sources of supply for some key waste energy recycling project components. Business disruptions, financial difficulties of the manufacturers or suppliers of these components, or raw material shortages could increase our costs, reduce the availability of these components or delay our delivery of projects to customers. To date, we have been able to obtain adequate supplies of these key components. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient supply of required components, we could experience significant delays in construction, which could result in the loss of orders and customers, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the cost of components increases, we may not be able to pass on price increases to our customers if we are to remain competitively priced. This would reduce profit, which in turn would reduce the value of your investment. Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Increases in income tax rates or other changes in income tax laws that apply to our business could reduce our after-tax income from such jurisdiction and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations outside the United States generate a significant portion of our income. In addition, the United States and many of the other countries in which our products are distributed or sold, including countries in which we have significant operations, have recently made or are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJ Act”) was recently signed into law in the United States. The changes in the TCJ Act are broad and complex and we are continuing to examine the impact the TCJ Act may have on our business and financial results. This provisional expense is subject to change, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in estimates, interpretations and assumptions we have made, changes in Internal Revenue Service (IRS) interpretations, the issuance of new guidance, legislative actions, changes in accounting standards or related interpretations in response to the TCJ Act and future actions by states within the United States that have not yet adopted state-level laws similar to the TCJ Act. Additional changes in the U.S. tax regime or in how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes both within and outside the United States. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation could differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, in connection with the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. 17 Table of Contents Risks Related to the People’s Republic of China Adverse changes in political and economic policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could materially and adversely affect the demand for our projects and our business . Currently, all of our operations are conducted in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are affected significantly by economic, political and legal developments in China. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including: ● the amount of government involvement; ● the level of development; ● the growth rate; ● the control of foreign exchange; and ● the allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has grown significantly since the late 1970s, the growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. The PRC economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. Although the PRC government has in recent years implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of sound corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of the productive assets in China is still owned by the PRC government. The continued control of these assets and other aspects of the national economy by the PRC government could materially and adversely affect our business. The PRC government also exercises significant control over economic growth in China through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Efforts by the PRC government to slow the pace of growth of the PRC economy could result in decreased capital expenditure by energy users, which in turn could reduce demand for our products. In addition, the PRC government, which regulates the power industry in China, has adopted laws related to renewable energy, and has adopted policies for the accelerated development of renewable energy as part of a Development Plan promulgated on August 31, 2007. Any adverse change in the economic conditions or government policies in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth and the level of energy investments and expenditures in China, which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for our products and consequently have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. Restrictions under PRC law on our subsidiaries’ ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could benefit our business, pay dividends to you, and otherwise fund and conduct our business . We conduct all of our business through our consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies operating in the PRC. We rely on dividends paid by these consolidated subsidiaries for our cash needs, including the funds necessary to pay any dividends and other cash distributions to our stockholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. The payment of dividends by entities established in the PRC is subject to limitations imposed by government regulations. Regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations in the PRC, subject to certain statutory procedural requirements and these may not be calculated in the same manner as US GAAP. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside a certain amount of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserves. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in China incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business. 18 Table of Contents Fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi may have a material adverse effect on your investment . The value of the Renminbi (“RMB”) against the US Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions. The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including US Dollars, has historically been set by the People’s Bank of China. On March 17, 2014, the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the US Dollar. Under the new policy, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a band against a basket of certain foreign currencies, determined by the Bank of China, against which it can rise or fall by as much as 2% each day. Since the adoption of this new policy, the value of the RMB against the US Dollar has fluctuated on a daily basis within narrow ranges, but overall has strengthened against the US Dollar. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to further liberalize its currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant appreciation in the value of the RMB against the US Dollar. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the US Dollar would affect our financial results reported in US Dollar terms even if there is no underlying change in our business or results of operations. In addition, if we decide to convert our RMB into US Dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the US Dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on the US Dollar amount available to us. The PRC currency is not a freely convertible currency, which could limit our ability to obtain sufficient foreign currency to support our business operations in the future. In addition, changes in foreign exchange regulations in the PRC may affect our ability to pay dividends in foreign currency or conduct other foreign exchange business . The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the PRC. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends, or otherwise satisfy foreign currency-denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB are to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our expenses as they come due. There are significant uncertainties under the Enterprise Income Tax Law regarding our PRC enterprise income tax liabilities, such as tax on dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries and tax on any dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders . The Enterprise Income Tax Law, also known as the EIT Law, provides that enterprises established outside of the PRC whose “de facto management bodies” are located in the PRC are considered as a “tax-resident enterprise” and are generally subject to the uniform 25.0% enterprise income tax rate on global income. Under the implementation regulations to EIT Law, “de facto management body” refers to a managing body that in practice exercises overall management control over the production and business, personnel, accounting and assets of an enterprise. In addition, on April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC issued the Notice on the Issues Regarding Recognition of Overseas Incorporated Enterprises that are Domestically Controlled as PRC Resident Enterprises Based on the De Facto Management Body Criteria , which was retroactively effective as of January 1, 2008. This notice provides that an overseas incorporated enterprise that is controlled domestically will be recognized as a “tax-resident enterprise” if it satisfies all of the following conditions: (i) the senior management responsible for daily production/business operations are primarily located in the PRC, and the location(s) where such senior management execute their responsibilities are primarily in the PRC; (ii) strategic financial and personnel decisions are made or approved by organizations or personnel located in the PRC; (iii) major properties, accounting ledgers, company seals and minutes of board meetings and stockholder meetings, etc., are maintained in the PRC; and (iv) 50.0% or more of the board members with voting rights or senior management habitually reside in the PRC. In addition, dividends paid by us to our non-PRC stockholders as well as gains realized by such stockholders from the sale or transfer of our stock may be subject to a PRC tax under the EIT Law, and we may be required to withhold PRC tax on dividends paid to our non-PRC stockholders. 19 Table of Contents PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment by offshore holding companies in PRC entities may delay or prevent us from making loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating companies, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and ability to fund and expand our business . As an offshore holding company of PRC operating companies, we may make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating companies. Any loans to our PRC operating companies are subject to PRC regulations. For example, loans to our operating companies in China to finance their activities may not exceed statutory limits and must be registered with SAFE. If we decide to make capital contributions to our operating entities in the PRC, the PRC Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, (or MOFCOM’s local counterpart, depending on the amount involved) may need to approve these capital contributions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain these government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to any such capital contributions. If we fail to receive such approvals, our ability to capitalize our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect our ability to fund and expand our business. We may face PRC regulatory risks relating to our equity incentive plan . On March 28, 2007, the SAFE promulgated a notice requiring PRC individuals who are granted stock options and other types of stock-based awards by an overseas publicly-listed company to obtain approval from the local SAFE branch through an agent of the overseas publicly-listed company (generally its PRC subsidiary or a financial institution). We urged our PRC management personnel, directors, employees and consultants who were granted stock options under our Incentive Plan to register them with the local SAFE pursuant to the said regulation. However, we cannot ensure that each of these individuals have carried out all of the required registration procedures. If we, or any of these persons, fail to comply with the relevant rules or requirements, we may be subject to penalties, and may become subject to more stringent review and approval processes with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as our PRC subsidiaries’ dividend payment to us or borrowing foreign currency loans, all of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities . The Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 20 Table of Contents Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us and we may have limited legal recourse under PRC law if disputes arise under our contracts with third parties . Since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China in particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published decisions and their non-binding nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until some time after violation. The Chinese government has enacted some laws and regulations dealing with matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce, taxation and trade. However, their experience in implementing, interpreting and enforcing these laws and regulations is limited, and our ability to enforce commercial claims or to resolve commercial disputes is unpredictable. The resolution of these matters may be subject to the exercise of considerable discretion by agencies of the Chinese government, and forces unrelated to the legal merits of a particular matter or dispute may influence their determination. Any rights we may have to specific performance, or to seek an injunction under PRC law, in either of these cases, are severely limited, and without a means of recourse by virtue of the Chinese legal system, we may be unable to prevent others from violating our rights. The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws . We are required to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which prohibits US companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. The PRC also strictly prohibits bribery of government officials. Certain of our suppliers are owned by the PRC government and our dealings with them are likely to be considered to be with government officials for these purposes. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in China. It is our policy to prohibit our employees and to discourage our agents, representatives and consultants from engaging in such practices. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. Our employees, agents, representatives and consultants may not always be subject to our control. If any of them violates FCPA or other anti-corruption law, we might be held responsible. We could suffer severe penalties in that event. In addition, the US government may seek to hold us liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or which we acquire. We may have difficulty maintaining adequate management, legal and financial controls in the PRC . The PRC historically has been deficient in western style management and financial reporting concepts and practices, as well as in modern banking, and other control systems. We may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in the PRC. As a result of these factors, and especially since we are a publicly listed company in the US and subject to regulation as such, we may experience difficulty in maintaining management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet western standards. We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls in the PRC. Therefore, we may, in turn, experience difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX 404, and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. This may result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls which could impact the reliability of our financial statements and prevent us from complying with SEC rules and regulations and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our business and the market price of our stock. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud may be adversely affected and investor confidence and the market price of our ordinary shares may be adversely impacted . As directed by SOX 404, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report of management on the company’s internal controls over financial reporting in their annual reports. Our management may conclude that our internal controls over our financial reporting are not effective, which could result in an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our reporting processes, which could adversely impact the market price of our common stock. 21 Table of Contents Your ability to bring an action against us or against our directors and officers, or to enforce a judgment against us or them, will be limited because we conduct substantially all of our operations in the PRC and because the majority of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States . We are a Nevada corporation but nearly all of our assets are located outside of the US. Most of our current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition, most of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of the PRC. A substantial portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the US. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in US courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the US federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of US courts. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law . Courts in the PRC may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on treaties between the PRC and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. The PRC does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law , courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security or the public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the US. A failure by our stockholders or beneficial owners who are PRC residents to comply with certain PRC foreign exchange regulations could restrict our ability to distribute profits, restrict our overseas and cross-border investment activities or subject us to liability under PRC laws, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition . On October 21, 2005, SAFE issued the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents Engaging in Financing and Roundtrip Investments via Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles, or State Administration of Foreign Exchange of China (“SAFE”) Circular 75. SAFE Circular 75 states that PRC residents (including both legal persons and natural persons) must register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas equity financing involving a roundtrip investment whereby the offshore entity acquires or controls onshore assets or equity interests held by the PRC residents. In addition, such PRC residents must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore SPV undergoes material events relating to increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, mergers or divisions, long-term equity or debt investments, external guarantees, or other material events that do not involve roundtrip investments. To further clarify the implementation of SAFE Circular 75, the General Affairs Department of SAFE issued SAFE Circular 106 on May 29, 2007. Under SAFE Circular 106, PRC subsidiaries of an offshore company governed by SAFE Circular 75 are required to coordinate and supervise the filing of SAFE registrations in a timely manner by the offshore holding company’s shareholders who are PRC residents. If these shareholders fail to comply, the PRC subsidiaries are required to report to the local SAFE authorities. If our shareholders who are PRC residents do not complete their registration with the local SAFE authorities, our PRC subsidiaries will be prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted in our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries. On July 14, 2014, SAFE promulgated the Circular Relating to Foreign Exchange Administration of Offshore Investment, Financing and Return Investment by Domestic Residents Utilizing Special Purpose Vehicles (Circular 37). Replacing an earlier circular published by SAFE in 2005 (Circular 75), Circular 37 further simplifies the registration process for Chinese residents seeking the round-trip investment transactions where Chinese companies (Domestic Entities) are re-organized to create an offshore holding company (the SPV) that will control the Domestic Entities and seek offshore financing. Also, for the first time overseas investments by Chinese individuals are formally legalized under Circular 37. We are committed to complying, and to ensuring that our shareholders, who are PRC residents, comply with the SAFE Circular 37 requirements. We believe that all of our PRC resident shareholders and beneficial owners have completed their required registrations with SAFE, or are otherwise in the process of registering. However, we may not at all times be fully aware or informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents, and we may not always be able to compel our beneficial owners to comply with the SAFE Circular 37 requirements. As a result, we cannot assure you that all of our shareholders or beneficial owners who are PRC residents will at all times comply with, or in the future make or obtain any applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE Circular 37 or other related regulations. Failure by any such shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with SAFE Circular 37 could subject us to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. 22 Table of Contents PRC regulations involve complex procedures for acquisitions conducted by foreign investors that could make our restructuring or an offering subject to government approval . Pursuant to the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (“M&A Rule”), effective as of September 8, 2006 and revised as of June 22, 2009, additional procedures and requirements were established that are expected to make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in some instances that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, or that the approval from MOFCOM be obtained in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire affiliated domestic companies and special anti-monopoly submissions for parties meeting certain reporting thresholds. The M&A Rules require offshore companies formed for overseas listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC companies or individuals to obtain the approval of MOFCOM prior to a cross-border share swap and the CSRC prior to the public listing of their securities on an overseas stock exchange through share swap. On September 21, 2006, pursuant to the M&A Rule and other PRC Laws, the CSRC published on its official website relevant guidance with respect to the listing and trading of PRC domestic enterprises’ securities on overseas stock exchanges (“Related Clarifications”), including a list of application materials regarding the listing on overseas stock exchange by special purpose vehicles, however, the CSRC currently has not issued any definitive rule concerning whether an offering, is subject to the M&A Rule and Related Clarifications. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of the above rules, and MOFCOM and CSRC have yet to promulgate any written provisions or formally to declare or state whether the overseas listing of a PRC related company similar to us will be subject to approvals from MOFCOM and CSRC with respect to any offering or a failure to maintain an offering. If MOFCOM and CSRC approvals are required in connection with our previous restructuring, our failure to obtain or delay in obtaining such approval could result in penalties imposed by MOFCOM, CSRC and other PRC regulatory agencies. These penalties could include fines and penalties on our operations in China, restriction or limitation on remitting dividends outside of China, and other forms of sanctions that may cause a material and adverse effect on our business, operations and financial conditions. Notwithstanding those provisions, we are advised by our PRC counsel, Shaanxi Yan Tan Law Firm, MOFCOM and CSRC approvals are not required in the context of our previous restructuring, because our previous restructuring does not constitute a cross-border share swap contemplated by the M&A Rule. However, we cannot assure you that the relevant PRC government agencies, including MOFCOM and CSRC, would reach the same conclusion, and we still cannot rule out the possibility that MOFCOM and CSRC may deem our listing structure as circumventing the M&A Rule and Related Clarifications, in particular in consideration of the fact that our restructuring was completed through several steps. Please refer to the Company History section about our restructuring. PRC regulations also involve complex procedures for acquisitions conducted by foreign investors that could make it more difficult for us to grow through acquisitions . We may grow our business in part by acquiring other companies in the PRC. Complying with the requirements of the M&A Rule to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including approval from MOFCOM, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. 23 Table of Contents Our labor costs may increase due to the implementation of the new PRC Labor Contract Law . The PRC Labor Contract Law was adopted by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of PRC in June 2007 and became effective on January 1, 2008. The Implementation Rules of the PRC Labor Contract Law were passed by the PRC State Council in September 2008 and became effective that same month. The implementation of the new law and its Implementation Rules, particularly the following provisions, may increase our labor costs: (a) an employer shall make monetary compensation, which shall be based on the number of an employee’s working years with the employer at the rate of one month’s wage for each year, to the employee upon termination of an employment contract with certain exceptions (for example, in circumstances where the term of a fixed-term employment contract expires and the employee does not agree to renew the contract even though the conditions offered by the employer are the same as or better than those stipulated in the current contract); (b) the wages of an employee who is on probation may not be less than the lowest wage level for the same job with the employer or less than 80% of the wage agreed upon in the employment contract, and may not be less than the local minimum wage rate; (c) if an employee has been working for the employer for a consecutive period of not less than 10 years, or if a fixed-term employment contract with an employee was entered into on two consecutive occasions, generally the employer should enter into an open-ended employment contract with such employee, unless the employee requests a fixed-term employment contract; (d) if an employer fails, in violation of the related provisions, to enter into an open-ended employment contract with an employee, it shall in each month pay to the employee twice his/her wage, starting from the date on which an open-ended employment contract should have been entered into; (e) if an employer fails to enter into a written employment contract with an employee more than one month but less than one year after the date on which it started employing him/her, it shall in each month pay to the employee twice his/her wage; and (f) if an employer hires an employee whose employment contract with another employer has not yet been terminated or ended, causing the other employer to suffer a loss, the later hiring employer shall be jointly and severally liable with the employee for the compensation for such loss. Our labor costs may increase due to the implementation of the new PRC Labor Contract Law and the Implementation Rules of the PRC Labor Contract Law and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 24 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regarding our company that include, but are not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management’s beliefs and certain assumptions made by us. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “potential,” “believes,” “seeks,” “hopes,” “estimates,” “should,” “may,” “will,” “with a view to” and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. These forward-looking statements involve various risks and uncertainties. Although we believe our expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may later be found to be incorrect. Our actual results could be materially different from our expectations. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations are generally set forth in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Our Business” and other sections in this prospectus. You should read this prospectus and the documents we refer to thoroughly with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from and worse than what we expect. Other sections of this prospectus include additional factors which could adversely impact our business and financial performance. This prospectus contains statistical data we obtained from various publicly available government publications and industry-specific third party reports. Statistical data in these publications also include projections based on a number of assumptions. The markets for our products may not grow at the rate projected by market data, or at all. The failure of these markets to grow at the projected rates may have a material adverse effect on our business and the market price of our securities. In addition, the rapidly changing nature of our customers’ industries results in significant uncertainties in any projections or estimates relating to the growth prospects or future condition of our markets. Furthermore, if any one or more of the assumptions underlying the market data is later found to be incorrect, actual results may differ from the projections based on these assumptions. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Unless otherwise indicated, information in this prospectus concerning economic conditions and our industry is based on information from independent industry analysts and publications, as well as our estimates. Except where otherwise noted, our estimates are derived from publicly available information released by third party sources, as well as data from our internal research, and are based on such data and our knowledge of our industry, which we believe to be reasonable. None of the independent industry publication market data cited in this prospectus was prepared on our or our affiliates’ behalf. The forward-looking statements made in this prospectus relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements are made in this prospectus. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read this prospectus and the documents we refer to in this prospectus and have filed as exhibits to this prospectus completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. 25 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from sale of the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus by the selling shareholders. To the extent the selling shareholders exercise for cash all of the warrants covering the 4,058,641 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of all of the warrants held by such selling shareholders at the initial exercise prices of $0.9365 and $1.3725 per share for Investor Warrants and $1.00 and $1.875 per share for Agent Warrants, we would receive $4,807,313.22 from such exercises. The warrants may expire without having been exercised. Even if some or all of these warrants are exercised, we cannot predict when they will be exercised and when we would receive the proceeds. We intend to use any proceeds we receive upon exercise of the warrants for general working capital and other corporate purposes. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The selling stockholders will offer their shares at prevailing market or privately negotiated prices, in one or more transactions that may take place by ordinary broker’s transactions, privately-negotiated transactions or through sales to one or more dealers for resale. The selling stockholders will receive all proceeds from the sale of the common stock. We will, however, receive the sale price of any common stock we sell to the selling stockholder upon exercise of any warrants held by such stockholder. The $0.9365, $1.3725, $1.00 and $1.875 per share initial exercise price of the warrants is not necessarily related to our book value, net worth or any other established criteria of value and may or may not be considered the fair value of our common stock included in the warrants. These prices were established in connection with our private placement and resulted from negotiations with the investors therein. After the date of this prospectus, our common stock may trade at prices above or below the applicable exercise price. You should not consider such exercise price as an indication of value of our Company or our common stock. You should not assume or expect that our shares of common stock will trade at or above the exercise price in any given time period. The market price of our common stock may decline after the exercise of warrants and you may not be sell the shares of our common stock. You should obtain a current quote for our common stock before exercising and make your own assessment of our business and financial condition, our prospects for the future, and the terms of the warrants. On May 22, 2019, the closing sale price of our common stock was $0.501 per share on the Nasdaq Capital Market. DIVIDEND POLICY We do not currently have any plans to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our ordinary shares. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to operate and expand our business. We are a holding company incorporated in the State of Nevada. We rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs. The payment of dividends by entities organized in China is subject to limitations. Regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits based on PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our Chinese subsidiaries are also required to withhold at least 10% of their after-tax profit based on China’s accounting standards each year as their general reserves until the cumulative amount of such reserves reach 50% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. The Boards of Directors of our PRC subsidiaries, which are foreign-owned enterprises, have the discretion to allocate a portion of their respective after-tax profits to its staff welfare and bonus funds, which are likewise not distributable to their equity owners except in the event of a liquidation of the foreign-invested enterprise. If the respective Boards decide to pay dividends in the future, these restrictions may impede our ability to pay dividends and/or the amount of dividends we could pay. In addition, if our subsidiaries incur debt in the future, the instruments governing such debt may restrict such entities’ ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Our Board of Directors has discretion to pay dividends. Even if our Board of Directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 26 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Safe Harbor Declaration The comments made throughout this prospectus should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto, and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this prospectus contain certain forward-looking information. When used in this discussion, the words, “believes,” “anticipates,” “expects” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results, due to a number of factors beyond our control. We do not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, even if experience or future changes show that the indicated results or events will not be realized. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Readers also are urged to carefully review and consider our discussions regarding the various factors that affect the company’s business, which are described in this section and elsewhere in this prospectus. OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS BACKGROUND China Recycling Energy Corporation (the “Company” or “CREG”) was incorporated on May 8, 1980 as Boulder Brewing Company under the laws of the State of Colorado. On September 6, 2001, the Company changed its state of incorporation to Nevada. In 2004, the Company changed its name from Boulder Brewing Company to China Digital Wireless, Inc. and on March 8, 2007, the Company again changed its name from China Digital Wireless, Inc. to its current name, China Recycling Energy Corporation. The Company, through its subsidiaries, sells and leases energy saving systems and equipment to its customers in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). Typically, the Company transfers ownership of the waste energy recycling power generating projects to its customers at the end of each sales-type lease and provides financing to its customers for the cost of the projects as described below. The Company is in the process of transforming and expanding into an energy storage integrated solution provider. We plan to pursue disciplined and targeted expansion strategies for market areas that we currently do not serve. We are actively seeking and exploring opportunities to apply energy storage technologies to new industries or segments with high growth potential, including industrial and commercial complexes, large scale photovoltaic (PV) and wind power stations, remote islands without electricity, and smart energy cities with multi-energy supplies. By supporting and motivating all kinds of the electric power market to participate in resource development and utilization of demand response, we plan to provide services including peak shaving with compensation and frequency modulation. We intend to gradually form motor load performance for peak and low-hours, which will account for about 3% of the annual maximum power load on the demand side and to ensure the electricity supply and demand balance for situations of non-severe power shortages. Our Subsidiaries Our business is primarily conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sifang Holdings Co., Ltd. (“Sifang”) and Shanghai Yinghua Financial Leasing Co., Ltd (“Yinghua”); Sifang’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Huahong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (“Huahong”) and Shanghai TCH Energy Tech Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai TCH”); Shanghai TCH’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Xi’an TCH Energy Technology Company, Ltd (“Xi’an TCH”), Xi’an TCH’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Erdos TCH Energy Saving Development Co., Ltd (“Erdos TCH”) and Zhongxun Energy Investment (Beijing) Co., Ltd (“Zhongxun”); and Xi’an TCH’s 90% and Shanghai TCH’s 10% owned subsidiary, Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (“Zhonghong”). Zhonghong provides energy saving solutions and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers, and project investment. 27 Table of Contents The Company’s organizational chart as of March 31, 2019 is as follows: CREG Legal Structure Shanghai TCH and its Subsidiaries Shanghai TCH was established as a foreign investment enterprise in Shanghai under the laws of the PRC on May 25, 2004 and has a registered capital of $29.80 million. Xi’an TCH was incorporated in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province under the laws of the PRC on November 8, 2007. In February 2009, Huahong was incorporated in Xi’an, Shaanxi province. Erdos TCH was incorporated in April 2009 in Erdos, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. On July 19, 2013, Xi’an TCH formed Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd (“Zhonghong”). Xi’an TCH owns 90% and Shanghai TCH owns 10% of Zhonghong, which provides energy saving solutions and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. As of March 31, 2019, Shanghai TCH, through its subsidiaries, had sales or sales-type leases with the following party: Pucheng (for two biomass power generation (“BMPG”) systems). The Fund Management Company and the HYREF Fund On June 25, 2013, Xi’an TCH and Hongyuan Huifu Venture Capital Co. Ltd (“Hongyuan Huifu”) jointly established Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Management Company Ltd. (the “Fund Management Company”) with registered capital of RMB 10 million ($1.45 million). Xi’an TCH made an initial capital contribution of RMB 4 million ($650,000) and had a 40% ownership interest in the Fund Management Company. With respect to the Fund Management Company, voting rights and dividend rights are allocated 80% and 20% between Hongyuan Huifu and Xi’an TCH, respectively. 28 Table of Contents The Fund Management Company is the general partner of Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center, LLP (the “HYREF Fund”), a limited liability partnership established July 18, 2013 in Beijing. The Fund Management Company made an initial capital contribution of RMB 5 million ($830,000) to the HYREF Fund. RMB 460 million ($77 million) was fully subscribed by all partners for the HYREF Fund. The HYREF Fund has three limited partners: (1) China Orient Asset Management Co., Ltd., which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 280 million ($46.67 million) to the HYREF Fund and is a preferred limited partner; (2) Hongyuan Huifu, which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 100 million ($16.67 million) to the HYREF Fund and is an ordinary limited partner; and (3) the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Xi’an TCH, which made an initial capital contribution of RMB 75 million ($12.5 million) to the HYREF Fund and is a secondary limited partner. In addition, Xi’an TCH and HongyuanHuifu formed Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Management Company Ltd. to manage this Fund and also subscribed in the amount of RMB 5 million ($830,000) from the Fund. The term of the HYREF Fund’s partnership is six years from the date of its establishment, expiring on July 18, 2019. The term is four years from the date of contribution for the preferred limited partner, and four years from the date of contribution for the ordinary limited partner. The size of the HYREF Fund is RMB 460 million ($77 million). The HYREF Fund was formed for the purpose of investing in Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a then 90% owned subsidiary of Xi’an TCH, for the construction of two coke dry quenching (“CDQ”) waste heat power generation (“WHPG”) stations with Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical Group Co., Ltd. (“Tianyu”) and one CDQ WHPG station with Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd. (“Chengli”). On December 29, 2018, Xi’an TCH entered into a Share Transfer Agreement with Hongyuan Huifu, pursuant to which Xi’an TCH transferred its 40% ownership in the Fund Management Company to Hongyuan Huifu for consideration of RMB 3,453,867 ($0.53 million). The transfer was completed on January 22, 2019. The Company did not have any ownership in the Fund Management Company after this transaction. Erdos TCH – Joint Venture On April 14, 2009, the Company formed Erdos TCH as a joint venture (the “JV” or “Erdos TCH”) with Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd. (“Erdos”) to recycle waste heat from Erdos’ metal refining plants to generate power and steam to be sold back to Erdos. The JV has a term of 20 years with a total investment for the project estimated at $79 million (RMB 500 million) and an initial investment of $17.55 million (RMB 120 million). Erdos contributed 7% of the total investment for the project, and Xi’an TCH contributed 93%. According to Xi’an TCH and Erdos’ agreement on profit distribution, Xi’an TCH and Erdos will receive 80% and 20%, respectively, of the profit from the JV until Xi’an TCH receives the complete return of its investment. Xi’an TCH and Erdos will then receive 60% and 40%, respectively, of the profit from the JV. On June 15, 2013, Xi’an TCH and Erdos entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which Erdos transferred and sold its 7% ownership interest in the JV to Xi’an TCH for $1.29 million (RMB 8 million), plus certain accumulated profits as described below. Xi’an TCH paid the $1.29 million in July 2013 and, as a result, became the sole stockholder of Erdos TCH. In addition, Xi’an TCH is required to pay Erdos accumulated profits from inception up to June 30, 2013 in accordance with the supplementary agreement entered on August 6, 2013. In August 2013, Xi’an TCH paid 20% of the accumulated profit (calculated under PRC GAAP) of $226,000 to Erdos. Erdos TCH currently has two power generation systems in Phase I with a total of 18 MW power capacity, and three power generation systems in Phase II with a total of 27 MW power capacity. With the current economic conditions in China, the government has limited and reduced over-capacity and production in the iron and steel industry, which has resulted in a sharp decrease of Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd’s production of ferrosilicon, its revenue and cash flows, and has made it difficult for Erdos to make the monthly minimum lease payment. After considering the challenging economic conditions facing Erdos, and to maintain the long-term cooperative relationship between the parties, which we believe will continue to produce long-term benefits, on April 28, 2016, Erdos TCH and Erdos entered into a supplemental agreement, effective May 1, 2016. Under the supplemental agreement, Erdos TCH cancelled monthly minimum lease payments from Erdos, and agreed to charge Erdos based on actual electricity sold at RMB 0.30 / KWH, which such price will be adjusted annually based on prevailing market conditions. The Company evaluated the modified terms for payments based on actual electricity sold as minimum lease payments as defined in ASC 840-10-25-4, since lease payments that depend on a factor directly related to the future use of the leased property are contingent rentals and, accordingly, are excluded from minimum lease payments in their entirety. The Company wrote off the net investment receivables of these leases at the lease modification date. In addition, Erdos TCH has 30% ownership in DaTangShiDai (BinZhou) Energy Savings Technology Co., Ltd. (“BinZhou Energy Savings”), 30% ownership in DaTangShiDai DaTong Recycling Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (“DaTong Recycling Energy”), and 40% ownership in DaTang ShiDai TianYu XuZhou Recycling Energy Technology Co, Ltd. (“TianYu XuZhou Recycling Energy”). These companies were incorporated in 2012 but have not had any operations since then nor has any registered capital contribution been made. 29 Table of Contents Shenqiu Yuneng Biomass Power Generation Projects On May 25, 2011, Xi’an TCH entered into a Letter of Intent with Shenqiu YuNeng Thermal Power Co., Ltd. (“Shenqiu”) to reconstruct and transform a Thermal Power Generation System owned by Shenqiu into a 75T/H BMPG System for $3.57 million (RMB 22.5 million). The project commenced in June 2011 and was completed in the third quarter of 2011. On September 28, 2011, Xi’an TCH entered into a Biomass Power Generation Asset Transfer Agreement with Shenqiu (the “Shenqiu Transfer Agreement”). Pursuant to the Shenqiu Transfer Agreement, Shenqiu sold Xi’an TCH a set of 12 MW BMPG systems (after Xi’an TCH converted the system for BMPG purposes). As consideration for the BMPG systems, Xi’an TCH paid Shenqiu $10.94 million (RMB 70 million) in cash in three installments within six months upon the transfer of ownership of the systems. By the end of 2012, all of the consideration was paid. On September 28, 2011, Xi’an TCH and Shenqiu also entered into a Biomass Power Generation Project Lease Agreement (the “2011 Shenqiu Lease”). Under the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, Xi’an TCH agreed to lease a set of 12 MW BMPG systems to Shenqiu at a monthly rental rate of $286,000 (RMB 1.8 million) for 11 years. Upon expiration of the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, ownership of this system will transfer from Xi’an TCH to Shenqiu at no additional cost. In connection with the 2011 Shenqiu Lease, Shenqiu paid one month’s rent as a security deposit to Xi’an TCH, in addition to providing personal guarantees. On October 8, 2012, Xi’an TCH entered into a Letter of Intent for technical reformation of Shenqiu Project Phase II with Shenqiu for technical reformation to enlarge the capacity of the Shenqiu Project Phase I (the “Shenqiu Phase II Project”). The technical reformation involved the construction of another 12 MW BMPG system. After the reformation, the generation capacity of the power plant increased to 24 MW. The project commenced on October 25, 2012 and was completed during the first quarter of 2013. The total cost of the project was $11.1 million (RMB 68 million). On March 30, 2013, Xi’an TCH and Shenqiu entered into a BMPG Project Lease Agreement (the “2013 Shenqiu Lease”). Under the 2013 Shenqiu Lease, Xi’an TCH agreed to lease the second set of 12 MW BMPG systems to Shenqiu for $239,000 (RMB 1.5 million) per month for 9.5 years. When the 2022 Shenqiu Lease expires, ownership of this system will transfer from Xi’an TCH to Shenqiu at no additional cost. On January 4, 2019, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, a resident of China, entered into a Projects Transfer Agreement (the “Agreement”), pursuant to which Xi’an TCH transferred two Biomass Power Generation Projects in Shenqiu (“Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects”) to Mr. Bai for RMB 127,066,000 ($18.55 million). Mr. Bai transferred all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi’an Hanneng Enterprises Management Consulting Co. Ltd. (“Xi’an Hanneng”) to Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center, LLP (the “HYREF”) as repayment for the loan made by Xi’an Zhonghong to HYREE as consideration for the transfer of the Shenqiu Phase I and II Projects. The transfer was completed February 15, 2019. Pucheng Biomass Power Generation Projects On June 29, 2010, Xi’an TCH entered into a Biomass Power Generation (“BMPG”) Project Lease Agreement with Pucheng XinHengYuan Biomass Power Generation Co., Ltd. (“Pucheng”), a limited liability company incorporated in China. Under this lease agreement, Xi’an TCH leased a set of 12MW BMPG systems to Pucheng at a minimum of $279,400 (RMB 1,900,000) per month for a term of 15 years (“Pucheng Phase I”). On September 11, 2013, Xi’an TCH entered into a BMPG Asset Transfer Agreement (the “Pucheng Transfer Agreement”) with Pucheng Xin Heng Yuan Biomass Power Generation Corporation (“Pucheng”), a limited liability company incorporated in China. The Pucheng Transfer Agreement provided for the sale by Pucheng to Xi’an TCH of a set of 12 MW BMPG systems with the completion of system transformation for a purchase price of RMB 100 million ($16.48 million) in the form of 8,766,547 shares of common stock of the Company at $1.87 per share. Also on September 11, 2013, Xi’an TCH also entered into a BMPG Project Lease Agreement with Pucheng (the “Pucheng Lease”). Under the Pucheng Lease, Xi’an TCH leases this same set of 12 MW BMPG system to Pucheng, and combines this lease with the lease for the 12 MW BMPG station of Pucheng Phase I project, under a single lease to Pucheng for RMB 3.8 million ($0.63 million) per month (the “Pucheng Phase II Project”). The term for the consolidated lease is from September 2013 to June 2025. The lease agreement for the 12 MW station from Pucheng Phase I project terminated upon the effective date of the Pucheng Lease. The ownership of two 12 MW BMPG systems will transfer to Pucheng at no additional charge when the Pucheng Lease expires. 30 Table of Contents Chengli Waste Heat Power Generation Projects On July 19, 2013, Xi’an TCH formed a new company, “Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.” (“Zhonghong”), with registered capital of RMB 30 million ($4.85 million). Xi’an TCH paid RMB 27 million ($4.37 million) and owns 90% of Zhonghong. Zhonghong is engaged to provide energy saving solution and services, including constructing, selling and leasing energy saving systems and equipment to customers. On December 29, 2018, Shanghai TCH entered into a Share Transfer Agreement with HYREF, pursuant to which HYREF transferred its 10% ownership in Xi’an Zhonghong to Shanghai TCH for consideration of RMB 3 million ($0.44 million). The transfer was completed January 22, 2019. On July 24, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative Agreement of CDQ and CDQ WHPG Project with Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd. (“Chengli”). The parties entered into a supplement agreement on July 26, 2013. Pursuant to these agreements, Zhonghong agreed to design, build and maintain a 25 MW CDQ system and a CDQ WHPG system to supply power to Chengli, and Chengli agreed to pay energy saving fees (the “Chengli Project”). Chengli will contract the operation of the system to a third party contractor that is mutually agreed to by Zhonghong. In addition, Chengli will provide the land for the CDQ system and CDQ WHPG system at no cost to Zhonghong. The term of these Agreements is 20 years. The watt hours generated by the Chengli Project will be charged at RMB 0.42 ($0.068) per KWH (excluding tax). The operating time shall be based upon an average 8,000 hours annually. If the operating time is less than 8,000 hours per year due to a reason attributable to Chengli, then time charged shall be 8,000 hours a year, and if it is less than 8,000 hours due to a reason attributable to Zhonghong, then it shall be charged at actual operating hours. The construction of the Chengli Project was completed in the second quarter of 2015 and the project successfully completed commissioning tests in the first quarter of 2017. The Chengli Project is now operational, however, due to intensifying environmental protection, the local environmental authorities required the project owner constructing CDQ sewage treatment to complete supporting works, which were completed and passed through acceptance inspection during the quarter ended September 30, 2018. However, the owner of Chengli Project changed from Chengli to Shandong Boxing Shengli Technology Company Ltd. (“Shengli”). This change resulted from transfer of the equity ownership of Chengli to Shengli (a private company). Chengli, a 100% state-owned enterprise that is 100% owned by the local Power Supply Bureau, is not allowed to carry out business activities, and Shengli, the new owner, is not entitled to the high on-grid prices, and thus demanded a renegotiation of the settlement terms for the project. On July 22, 2013, Zhonghong entered into an Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) General Contractor Agreement for the Boxing County Chengli Gas Supply Co., Ltd. CDQ Power Generation Project (the “Chengli Project”) with Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (“Huaxin”). Zhonghong, as the owner of the Chengli Project, contracted EPC services for a CDQ system and a 25 MW CDQ WHPG system for Chengli to Huaxin. Huaxin shall provide construction, equipment procurement, transportation, installation and adjustment, test run, construction engineering management and other necessary services to complete the Chengli Project and ensure the CDQ system and CDQ WHPG system for Chengli meet the inspection and acceptance requirements and work normally. The Chengli Project is a turn-key project in which Huaxin is responsible for monitoring the quality, safety, duration and cost of the Chengli Project. The total contract price is RMB 200 million ($33.34 million), which includes all materials, equipment, labor, transportation, electricity, water, waste disposal, machinery and safety costs. On December 29, 2018, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, the “HYREF”, Guohua Ku, and Mr. Chonggong Bai entered into a CDQ WHPG Station Fixed Assets Transfer Agreement, pursuant to which Xi’an Zhonghong transferred Chengli CDQ WHPG station as the repayment of loan at RMB 188,639,400 ($27.54 million) to HYREF. Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, Guohua Ku and Chonggong Bai also agreed to buy back the CDQ WHPG Station when conditions under the Buy Back Agreement are met . The transfer was completed January 22, 2019. 31 Table of Contents Tianyu Waste Heat Power Generation Project On July 19, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative Agreement (the “Tianyu Agreement”) for Energy Management of CDQ and CDQ WHPG with Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical Group Co., Ltd (“Tianyu”). Pursuant to the Tianyu Agreement, Zhonghong will design, build, operate and maintain two sets of 25 MW CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for two subsidiaries of Tianyu – Xuzhou Tian’an Chemical Co., Ltd (“Xuzhou Tian’an”) and Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. (“Xuzhou Huayu”) – to be located at Xuzhou Tian’an and Xuzhou Huayu’s respective locations (the “Tianyu Project”). Upon completion of the Tianyu Project, Zhonghong will charge Tianyu an energy saving fee of RMB 0.534 ($0.087) per KWH (excluding tax). The operating time will be based upon an average 8,000 hours annually for each of Xuzhou Tian’an and Xuzhou Huayu. If the operating time is less than 8,000 hours per year due to a reason attributable to Tianyu, then time charged will be 8,000 hours a year. Because of the overcapacity and pollution of the iron and steel and related industries, the government has imposed production limitations for the energy-intensive enterprises with heavy pollution, including Xuzhou Tian’an. Xuzhou Tian’an has slowed the construction process for its dry quenching production line which caused the delay of our project. The construction of the Xuzhou Tian’an Project is anticipated to be completed by the second quarter of 2019. Xuzhou Tian’an will provide the land for the CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for free. Xuzhou Tian’an has also guaranteed that it will purchase all of the power generated by the CDQ WHPG systems. The Xuzhou Huayu Project is currently on hold due to a conflict between Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. and local residents on certain pollution-related issues. The local government has acted in its capacity to coordinate the resolution of this issue. The local residents were requested to move from the hygienic buffer zone of the project location with compensatory payments from the government. Xuzhou Huayu was required to stop production and implement technical innovations to mitigate pollution discharge including sewage treatment, dust collection, noise control, and recycling of coal gas. Currently, some local residents have moved. Xuzhou Huayu has completed the implementation of the technical innovations of sewage treatment, dust collection, and noise control, and the Company is waiting for local governmental agencies to approve these technical innovations so that we can resume construction. Due to the stricter administration of environmental protection policies and recent increase of environmental protections for the coking industry in Xuzhou, all local coking, as well as steel iron enterprises, are facing a similar situation of suspended production while rectifying technologies and procedures. The Company expects to receive governmental acceptance and approval and to resume construction in the second quarter of 2019. On July 22, 2013, Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. entered into an EPC General Contractor Agreement for the Xuzhou Tianyu Group CDQ Power Generation Project (the “Project”) with Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (“Huaxin”). Zhonghong as the owner of the Project contracted EPC for the two sets of CDQ and 25 MW CDQ WHPG systems for Tianyu to Huaxin—one for Xuzhou Tian’an and one for Xuzhou Huayu. Huaxin shall provide construction, equipment procurement, transportation, installation and adjustment, test run, construction engineering management and other necessary works to complete the Project and ensure the CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for Tianyu meet the inspection and acceptance requirements and work normally. The Project is a turn-key project and Huaxin is responsible for the quality, safety, duration and cost of the Project. The total contract price is RMB 400 million ($66.67 million), of which RMB 200 million ($33.34 million) is for the Xuzhou Tian’an system and RMB 200 million is for the Xuzhou Huayu system. The price is a cover-all price, which includes but not limited to all the materials, equipment, labor, transportation, electricity, water, waste disposal, machinery and safety matters. On January 4, 2019, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, entered into a Projects Transfer Agreement (the “Agreement”), pursuant to which Xi’an Zhonghong transferred a CDQ WHPG station (under construction) located in Xuzhou City for Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. (“Xuzhou Huayu Project”) to Mr. Bai for RMB 120,000,000 ($17.52 million). Mr. Bai transferred all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi’an Hanneng, to the “HYREF” as repayment for the loan made by Xi’an Zhonghong to HYREF as consideration for the transfer of the Xuzhou Huayu Project. The transfer was completed February 15, 2019. Zhongtai WHPG Energy Management Cooperative Agreement On December 6, 2013, Xi’an TCH entered into a CDQ and WHPG Energy Management Cooperative Agreement (the “Zhongtai Agreement”) with Xuzhou Zhongtai Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (“Zhongtai”), a limited liability company incorporated in Jiangsu Province, China. Pursuant to the Zhongtai Agreement, Xi’an TCH will design, build and maintain a 150 ton per hour CDQ system and a 25 MW CDQ WHPG system (the “Project”) and sell the power to Zhongtai, and Xi’an TCH will also build a furnace to generate steam from the waste heat of the smoke pipeline and sell the steam to Zhongtai. 32 Table of Contents The construction period of the Project is expected to be 18 months from the date when conditions are ready for construction to begin. Zhongtai will start to pay an energy saving fee from the date when the WHPG station passes the required 72-hour test run. The term of payment is 20 years. For the first 10 years of the term, Zhongtai shall pay an energy saving fee at RMB 0.534 ($0.089) per KWH (including value added tax) for the power generated from the system. For the second 10 years of the term, Zhongtai shall pay an energy saving fee at RMB 0.402 ($0.067) per KWH (including value added tax). During the term of the contract the energy saving fee shall be adjusted at the same percentage as the change of local grid electricity price. Zhongtai shall also pay an energy saving service fee for the steam supplied by Xi’an TCH at RMB 100 ($16.67) per ton (including value added tax). Zhongtai and its parent company will provide guarantees to ensure Zhongtai will fulfill its obligations under the Agreement. Upon the completion of the term, Xi’an TCH will transfer the systems to Zhongtai at RMB 1 ($0.16). Zhongtai shall provide waste heat to the systems for no less than 8,000 hours per year and waste gas volume no less than 150,000 Nm3 per hour with a temperature no less than 950°C. If these requirements are not met, the term of the Zhongtai Agreement will be extended accordingly. If Zhongtai wants to terminate the Zhongtai Agreement early, it shall provide Xi’an TCH a 60 day notice and pay the termination fee and compensation for the damages to Xi’an TCH according to the following formula: (i) if it is less than five years into the term when Zhongtai requests termination, Zhongtai shall pay: Xi’an TCH’s total investment amount plus Xi’an TCH’s annual investment return times five years minus the years in which the system has already operated; or (ii) if it is more than five years into the term when Zhongtai requests the termination, Zhongtai shall pay Xi’an TCH’s total investment amount minus total amortization cost (the amortization period is 10 years). On March 14, 2016, Xi’an TCH entered into a Xuzhou Zhongtai CDQ and Waste Heat Power Generation System Transfer Agreement (the “Transfer Agreement”) with Zhongtai and Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in China (the “Contractor”). The Transfer Agreement provides for the sale to Zhongtai of all the assets of the Project under construction from Xi’an TCH. Additionally, Xi’an TCH will transfer to Zhongtai the Engineering, Procurement and Construction (“EPC”) Contract for the Project, which Xi’an TCH had entered into with the Contractor in connection with the Project. As consideration for the transfer of the Project, Zhongtai is to pay to Xi’an TCH an aggregate purchase price of RMB 167,360,000 ($25.75 million and the “Transfer Price”), on the following schedule: (i) RMB 50,000,000 ($7.69 million) of the Transfer Price was paid within 20 business days from the execution of the Transfer Agreement; (ii) RMB 30,000,000 ($4.32 million) of the Transfer Price was paid within 20 business days upon the completion of the construction of the Project but not later than July 30, 2016; and (iii) RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) of the Transfer Price was to be paid before July 30, 2017. The temporary ownership of the Project was transferred from Xi’an TCH to Zhongtai after the Xi’an TCH received the first payment of RMB 50,000,000, and the full ownership of the Project is to be officially transferred to Zhongtai upon full payment of the Transfer Price. The Zhongtai Agreement is to be terminated and Xi’an TCH will agree not to pursue any breach of contract liability against the Zhongtai under the Zhongtai Agreement when Zhongtai fully pays the Transfer Price according to the terms of the Transfer Agreement. If the Transfer Price is not fully paid on time pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, the Transfer Agreement automatically terminates and Xi’an TCH retains ownership of the Project, and both parties would continue to possess their respective rights and obligations according to the Zhongtai Agreement and assume the liabilities for breach of the Zhongtai Agreement. Xuzhou Taifa Special Steel Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xuzhou Taifa”) has guaranteed the payments by Zhongtai. The Company recorded a $2.82 million loss from this transaction in 2016. In 2016, Xi’an TCH had received the first payment of $7.70 million and the second payment of $4.32 million. However, the Company received a repayment commitment letter from Zhongtai on February 23, 2018, in which Zhongtai committed to pay the remaining payment of RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) no later than the end of July 2018; in July 2018, Zhongtai and the Company reached a further oral agreement to extend the repayment term of RMB 87,360,000 ($13.45 million) by another two to three months. In August 2018, the Company received $1,070,000 from Zhongtai; as of March 31, 2019, the Company had receivables from Zhongtai for $11.88 million (with bad debt allowance of $3.56 million). On January 23, 2019, Zhongtai provided an acknowledgement letter to the Company stating it expects to repay the remaining balance of $11.88 million by the end of October 2019, once it resumes its normal production. Related Party Transactions As of March 31, 2019, the Company had $41,159 in advances from the Company’s management, which bear no interest, are unsecured, and are payable upon demand. 33 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements (“CFS”), which were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported net sales and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Basis of Consolidation The Company’s consolidated financial statements (“CFS”) include the accounts of CREG and, its subsidiary, Sifang Holdings and Yinghua; Sifang Holdings’ wholly-owned subsidiaries, Huahong and Shanghai TCH; Shanghai TCH’s wholly-owned subsidiary Xi’an TCH; and Xi’an TCH’s subsidiaries, Erdos TCH, Zhonghong, and Zhongxun. Substantially all of the Company’s revenues are derived from the operations of Shanghai TCH and its subsidiaries, which represent substantially all of the Company’s consolidated assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2019. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions were eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates In preparing the CFS, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets as well as revenues and expenses during the year reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Concentration of Credit Risk Cash includes cash on hand and demand deposits in accounts maintained within China. Balances at financial institutions within China are not covered by insurance. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. Certain other financial instruments, which subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist of accounts and other receivables. The Company does not require collateral or other security to support these receivables. The Company conducts periodic reviews of its customers’ financial condition and customer payment practices to minimize collection risk on accounts receivable. The operations of the Company are located in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC. Accounts Receivable As of March 31, 2019, the Company had accounts receivable of $52,959,990; of which, $36.69 million was for transferring the ownership of Huayu and Shenqiu Phase I and II systems to Mr. Bai but waiting for completion of transfer Mr. Bai’s all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi’an Hanneng, to HYREF; $11.88 million was from the sales of CDQ and a CDQ WHPG system to Zhongtai, and $4.39 million accounts receivable of Erdos TCH for the electricity sold, and the Company had bad debt allowance of $3,564,268 for Zhongtai. Interest Receivable on Sales Type Leases As of March 31, 2019, the interest receivable on sales type leases was $5,434,301, mainly representing recognized but not yet collected interest income for the Pucheng systems. The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on receivables. Management reviews the composition of receivables and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Based on an evaluation of the collectability of such receivables, as of March 31, 2019, the Company had bad debt allowance for net investment receivable of $22,534,192 for the Pucheng systems. 34 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Sales-type Leasing and Related Revenue Recognition On January 1, 2019, the Company adopted Topic 842 using the modified retrospective transition approach by applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. Results and disclosure requirements for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2019 are presented under Topic 842, while prior period amounts have not been adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historical accounting under Topic 840. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (“ROU”) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company constructs and leases waste energy recycling power generating projects to its customers. The Company typically transfers ownership of the waste energy recycling power generating projects to its customers at the end of the lease. Prior to January 1, 2019, the investment in these projects is recorded as investment in sales-type leases in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 840 , “Lease s ,” and its various amendments and interpretations. The Company finances construction of waste energy recycling power generating projects. The sales and cost of sales are recognized at the inception of the lease. The investment in sales-type leases consists of the sum of the minimum lease payments receivable less unearned interest income and estimated executory cost. Minimum lease payments are part of the lease agreement between the Company (as the lessor) and the customer (as the lessee). The discount rate implicit in the lease is used to calculate the present value of minimum lease payments. The minimum lease payments consist of the gross lease payments net of executory costs and contingent rentals, if any. Unearned interest is amortized to income over the lease term to produce a constant periodic rate of return on net investment in the lease. While revenue is recognized at the inception of the lease, the cash flow from the sales-type lease occurs over the course of the lease, which results in interest income and reduction of receivables. Revenue is recognized net of sales tax. Contingent Rental Income The Company records the income from actual electricity usage in addition to minimum lease payment of each project as contingent rental income in the period earned. Contingent rent is not part of minimum lease payments. Foreign Currency Translation and Comprehensive Income (Loss) The Company’s functional currency is RMB. For financial reporting purposes, RMB figures were translated into USD as the reporting currency. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in effect on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average rate of exchange prevailing during the reporting period. Translation adjustments arising from the use of different exchange rates from period to period are included as a component of stockholders’ equity as “Accumulated other comprehensive income.” Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in income. There has been no significant fluctuation in exchange rate for the conversion of RMB to USD after the balance sheet date. The Company uses “Reporting Comprehensive Income” (codified in FASB ASC Topic 220). Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders’ equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders. 35 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of three months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated as a percentage of net sales. Certain columns may not add due to rounding. 2019 2018 % of Sales % of Sales Sales $ 621,174 100 % $ 1,422,831 100 % Sales of systems - - % - - % Contingent rental income 621,174 100 % 1,422,831 100 % Cost of sales - - % - - % Cost of systems and contingent rental income - - % - - % Gross profit 621,174 100 % 1,422,831 100 % Interest income on sales-type leases 174,235 28 % 1,606,615 113 % Total operating income 795,409 128 % 3,029,446 213 % Total operating expenses (1,442,820 ) (232 )% (1,506,231 ) (106 )% Income (loss) from operations (647,411 ) (104 )% 1,523,215 107 % Total non-operating expenses, net (3,685,754 ) (593 )% (1,389,165 ) (98 )% Income (loss) before income tax (4,333,165 ) (698 )% 134,050 9 % Income tax expense (2,390,871 ) (385 )% 339,545 24 % Less: loss attributable to noncontrolling interest - - % (91,258 ) (6 )% Net loss attributable to China Recycling Energy Corp $ (1,942,294 ) (313 )% $ (114,237 ) (8 )% SALES . Total sales for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were $621,174 and $1,422,831, respectively. The sales were from the electricity sold in Erdos TCH. COST OF SALES. Cost of sales (“COS”) for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were $0. 36 Table of Contents GROSS PROFIT . Gross income for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were $621,174 and $1,422,831, gross margin of 100% each. INTEREST INCOME ON SALES-TYPE LEASES. Interest income on sales-type leases for the three months ended March 31, 2019 was $174,235, a $1.43 million decrease from $1.61 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018. During the three months ended March 31, 2019, interest income was derived from the Shenqiu Phase I and II systems (15 and 11.9 years, respectively) for the month of January 2019; in February 2019, the Shenqiu Phase I and II systems were transferred to Mr. Bai. During the three months ended March 31, 2018, interest income was derived from the following four sales-type leases: i. Two BMPG systems to Pucheng Phase I and II (15 and 11.9 years, respectively); ii. One BMPG system to Shenqiu Phase I (11 years); iii. One BMPG system to Shenqiu Phase II (9.5 years); The decreased interest income was due to the suspension of Pucheng systems, and the Company stopped accruing interest income in April 2018, which was impacted by China’s environmental protection policies, and has not resumed operations to date. OPERATING EXPENSES . Operating expenses consisted of general and administrative expenses, bad debt expense totaling $1,442,820 for the three months ended March 31, 2019, compared to $1,506,231 for the three months ended March 31, 2018, a decrease of $63,411 or 4%. The decrease was mainly due to decreased payroll expense by $44,460. NET NON-OPERATING EXPENSES. Net non-operating expenses consisted of non-sales-type lease interest income, interest expenses and miscellaneous expenses. For the three months ended March 31, 2019, net non-operating expense was $3.69 million compared to net non-operating expense of $1.39 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018. For the three months ended March 31, 2019, we had $41,112 interest income but the amount was offset by $1.93 million interest expense on entrusted loan, loss on note conversion of $893,958, and loss on disposal of systems of $1,257,170. For the three months ended March 31, 2018, we had $37,204 interest income but the amounts were offset by a $1.42 million interest expense on loans. INCOME TAX (BENEFIT)EXPENSE. Income tax benefit was $2.39 million for the three months ended March 31, 2019, compared with $0.34 million income tax expense for the three months ended March 31, 2018. The consolidated effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 were (55.2)% and 253.3%, respectively. The increase in income tax benefit for three months ended March 31, 2019 was due to increased taxable loss. NET LOSS. Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2019 was $1,942,294 compared to $114,237 for the three months ended March 31, 2018, an increase of loss of $1,828,057. This increase in net loss was mainly due to the increase non-operating expenses as described above. 37 Table of Contents Comparison of years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated as a percentage of net sales. Certain columns may not add due to rounding. 2018 2017 % of Sales % of Sales Sales $ 4,888,016 100 % $ 6,489,504 100 % Sales of systems - - % - - % Contingent rental income 4,888,016 100 % 6,489,504 100 % Cost of sales - % - - % Cost of systems and contingent rental income - % - - % Gross profit 4,888,016 100 % 6,489,504 100 % Interest income on sales-type leases 3,312,465 68 % 6,610,169 102 % Total operating income 8,200,481 168 % 13,099,673 202 % Total operating expenses (66,188,920 ) (1,354 )% (7,293,226 ) (112 )% Income (loss) from operations (57,988,439 ) (1,186 )% 5,806,447 90 % Total non-operating expenses, net (8,584,658 ) (176 )% (5,436,669 ) (84 )% Income (loss) before income tax (66,573,097 ) (1,362 )% 369,778 6 % Income tax expense 2,627,458 54 % 8,039,476 124 % Less: loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (3,203,657 ) (66 )% (327,147 ) (5 )% Net loss attributable to China Recycling Energy Corp $ (65,996,898 ) (1,350 )% $ (7,342,551 ) (113 )% SALES . Total sales for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were $4,888,016 and $6,489,504, respectively. The sales were from the electricity sold in Erdos TCH. COST OF SALES. Cost of sales (“COS”) for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were $0. We did not sell any new system in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. GROSS PROFIT . Gross income for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were $4,888,016 and $6,489,504, gross margin of 100% and 100%, respectively. INTEREST INCOME ON SALES-TYPE LEASES. Interest income on sales-type leases for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $3.31 million, a $3.30 million decrease from $6.61 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, interest income was derived from the following four sales-type leases: i. Two BMPG systems to Pucheng Phase I and II (15 and 11.9 years, respectively); ii. One BMPG system to Shenqiu Phase I (11 years); iii. One BMPG system to Shenqiu Phase II (9.5 years); The decreased interest income was due to suspension of Pucheng systems, and the Company stopped accruing interest income since April 2018, which was impacted by China’s environmental protection policies, the operation was not yet resumed as of today. OPERATING EXPENSES . Operating expenses consisted of general and administrative expenses, bad debt expense and asset impairment loss totaling $66,188,920 for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared to $7,293,226 for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of $58,895,694 or 808%. The increase was mainly due to increased bad debt expense of $32.21 million and increased asset impairment loss of $28.43 million. We had bad debt expense of $3.62 million for the Zhongtai system, $6.59 million for the Shenqiu systems and $22.00 million for the Pucheng systems. In addition, we recorded asset impairment loss of $6.53 million for Xuzhou Huayu, $13.78 million for Xuzhou Tian’an, and $8.12 million for Chengli. NET NON-OPERATING EXPENSES. Net non-operating expenses consisted of non-sales-type lease interest income, interest expenses and miscellaneous expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2018, net non-operating expense was $8.58 million compared to net non-operating expense of $5.44 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2018, we had $153,532 interest income but the amount was offset by $8.74 million interest expense. For the year ended December 31, 2017, we had $143,606 interest income but the amounts were offset by a $5.56 million interest expense on loans. The increase in interest expense in 2018 was due to $2.43 million penalty interest on past due entrusted loan amount. 38 Table of Contents INCOME TAX EXPENSE. Income tax expense was $2.63 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, compared with $8.04 million for the year ended December 31, 2017. The consolidated effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were (4.0)% and 2,174%, respectively. The decrease in income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2018 was due to increased taxable loss, while in 2017, we had $7.61 million tax expense from recording the estimated one-time transition tax on post-1986 foreign unremitted earnings under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act. NET LOSS. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $65,996,898 compared to $7,342,551 for the year ended December 31, 2017, an increase of loss of $58,654,347. This increase in net loss was mainly due to the decreased interest income on sales-type leases and increased bad debt expense and increased asset impairment loss in the year ended December 31, 2018 as described above. Liquidity and Capital Resources Comparison of three months Ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 As of March 31, 2019, the Company had cash and equivalents of $57.10 million, other current assets of $55.94 million, current liabilities of $81.73 million, working capital of $31.31 million, a current ratio of 1.38:1 and a liability-to-equity ratio of 1.06:1. The following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018: 2019 2018 Cash provided by (used in): Operating Activities $ (772,594 ) $ 1,258,619 Investing Activities 5,188 - Financing Activities 3,620,800 - 39 Table of Contents Net cash used in operating activities was $0.77 million during the three months ended March 31, 2019, compared to $1.26 million cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2018. The increase in net cash outflow for the three months ended March 31, 2019 was mainly due to increased cash outflow on accrued labilities and other payables by $0.36 million, the refund of a $0.49 million deposit for Shenqiu Phase I & II due to transferring the systems to Mr. Chonggong Bai, decreased collection of principal on sales-type leases by $0.99 million, and increased cash outflow on other receivables by $0.08 million. Net cash provided by investing activities was $5,188 and $0, respectively, for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018. For the three months ended March 31, 2019, $5,188 was the proceeds from disposal of the fixed assets. Net cash provided by financing activities was $3.62 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $0 during the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The cash inflow in the three months ended March 31, 2019 came from the proceeds of issuance of notes of $2.00 million and proceeds from issuance of common stock of $1.62 million. We do not believe inflation has had or will have a significant negative impact on our results of operations in 2019. Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries The PRC has currency and capital transfer regulations that require us to comply with certain requirements for the movement of capital. The Company is able to transfer cash (US Dollars) to its PRC subsidiaries through: (i) an investment (by increasing the Company’s registered capital in a PRC subsidiary), or (ii) a stockholder loan. The Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC have not transferred any earnings or cash to the Company to date. The Company’s business is primarily conducted through its subsidiaries. The Company is a holding company and its material assets consist solely of the ownership interests held in its PRC subsidiaries. The Company relies on dividends paid by its subsidiaries for its working capital and cash needs, including the funds necessary: (i) to pay dividends or cash distributions to its stockholders, (ii) to service any debt obligations and (iii) to pay operating expenses. As a result of PRC laws and regulations (noted below) that require annual appropriations of 10% of after-tax income to be set aside in a general reserve fund prior to payment of dividends, the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in that respect, as well as in others respects noted below, in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company as a dividend. With respect to transferring cash from the Company to its subsidiaries, increasing the Company’s registered capital in a PRC subsidiary requires the filing of the local commerce department, while a stockholder loan requires a filing with the state administration of foreign exchange or its local bureau. With respect to the payment of dividends, we note the following: 1. PRC regulations currently permit the payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits, as determined in accordance with accounting standards and PRC regulations (an in-depth description of the PRC regulations is set forth below); 2. Our PRC subsidiaries are required to set aside, at a minimum, 10% of their net income after taxes, based on PRC accounting standards, each year as statutory surplus reserves until the cumulative amount of such reserves reaches 50% of their registered capital; 3. Such reserves may not be distributed as cash dividends; 4. Our PRC subsidiaries may also allocate a portion of their after-tax profits to fund their staff welfare and bonus funds; except in the event of a liquidation, these funds may also not be distributed to stockholders; the Company does not participate in a Common Welfare Fund; 5. The incurrence of debt, specifically the instruments governing such debt, may restrict a subsidiary’s ability to pay stockholder dividends or make other cash distributions; and 6. The Company is subject to covenants and consent requirements. 40 Table of Contents If, for the reasons noted above, our subsidiaries are unable to pay stockholder dividends and/or make other cash payments to the Company when needed, the Company’s ability to conduct operations, make investments, engage in acquisitions, or undertake other activities requiring working capital may be materially and adversely affected. However, our operations and business, including investment and/or acquisitions by our subsidiaries within China, will not be affected as long as the capital is not transferred in or out of the PRC. PRC Regulations In accordance with PRC regulations on Enterprises with Foreign Investment and their articles of association, a foreign-invested enterprise (“FIE”) established in the PRC is required to provide statutory reserves, which are appropriated from net profit, as reported in the FIE’s PRC statutory accounts. A FIE is required to allocate at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit to the surplus reserve until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective registered capital (based on the FIE’s PRC statutory accounts). The aforementioned reserves may only be used for specific purposes and may not be distributed as cash dividends. Until such contribution of capital is satisfied, the FIE is not allowed to repatriate profits to its stockholders, unless approved by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange. After satisfaction of this requirement, the remaining funds may be appropriated at the discretion of the FIE’s board of directors. Our subsidiary, Shanghai TCH, qualifies as a FIE and is therefore subject to the above-mandated regulations on distributable profits. Additionally, in accordance with PRC corporate law, a domestic enterprise is required to maintain a surplus reserve of at least 10% of its annual after-tax profit until such reserve has reached 50% of its respective registered capital based on the enterprise’s PRC statutory accounts. The aforementioned reserves can only be used for specific purposes and may not be distributed as cash dividends. Xi’an TCH, Huahong, Zhonghong and Erdos TCH were established as domestic enterprises; therefore, each is subject to the above-mentioned restrictions on distributable profits. As a result of PRC laws and regulations that require annual appropriations of 10% of after-tax income to be set aside, prior to payment of dividends, in a general reserve fund, the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company as a dividend or otherwise. Chart of the Company’s Statutory Reserve Pursuant to PRC corporate law, effective January 1, 2006, the Company is required to maintain a statutory reserve by appropriating from its after-tax profit before declaration or payment of dividends. The statutory reserve represents restricted retained earnings. Our restricted and unrestricted retained earnings under US GAAP are set forth below: As of March 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 Unrestricted retained earnings (accumulated deficit) $ (39,830,856 ) $ (37,675,202 ) Restricted retained earnings (surplus reserve fund) 14,739,072 14,525,712 Total retained earnings (accumulated deficit) $ (25,091,784 ) $ (23,149,490 ) Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholders’ equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 41 Table of Contents Contractual Obligations The Company’s contractual obligations as of March 31, 2019 are as follows: Contractual Obligation 1 year or less More than 1 year See Note (for details) Notes payable $ - $ 2,100,000 15 Entrusted loan 49,305,710 - 12 Total $ 49,305,710 $ 2,100,000 The Company believes it has a stable cash inflow each month and a sufficient channel to commercial institutions to obtain any loans that may be necessary to meet its working capital needs. Historically, we have been able to obtain loans or otherwise achieve our financing objectives due to the Chinese government’s support for energy-saving businesses with stable cash inflows, good credit ratings and history. The Company does not believe it will have difficulties related to the repayment of its outstanding short-term loans. Commitments Xuzhou Tian’an and Xuzhou Huayu CDQ Power Generation Projects On July 19, 2013, Zhonghong entered into a Cooperative Agreement for Energy Management of CDQ and CDQ WHPG Project with Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical Group Co., Ltd. (“Tianyu”). Pursuant to the Tianyu Agreement, Zhonghong will design, build, operate and maintain two sets of 25 MW CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for two subsidiaries of Tianyu: one is for and will be located at Xuzhou Tian’an Chemical Co., Ltd and one set is for and will be located at Xuzhou Huayu Coking Co., Ltd. (the “Tianyu Project”). Upon the completion of the Tianyu Project, Zhonghong will charge Tianyu an energy saving service fee of RMB 0.534 ($0.088) per KWH (excluding tax). The operating time shall be based upon an average 8,000 hours annually for each of Tian’an and Huayu. If the operating time for each of Tian’an and Huayu is less than 8,000 hours a year due to reasons attributable to Tianyu, then time charged shall be 8,000 hours a year for each of Tian’an and Huayu. Xuzhou Tian’an and Huayu will provide the land for the CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for free. Xuzhou Tian’an and Huayu also guarantee that they will purchase all of the power generated by the CDQ WHPG systems. On July 22, 2013, Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. entered into an EPC General Contractor Agreement for the Xuzhou Tianyu Group CDQ Power Generation Project (the “Project”) with Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (“Huaxin”). Zhonghong as the owner of the Project contracted EPC for the two sets of CDQ and 25 MW CDQ WHPG systems for Tianyu to Huaxin—one for Xuzhou Tian’an and one for Xuzhou Huayu. Huaxin shall provide construction, equipment procurement, transportation, installation and adjustment, test run, construction engineering management and other necessary works to complete the Project and ensure the CDQ and CDQ WHPG systems for Tianyu meet the inspection and acceptance requirements and work normally. The project is a turn-key project and Huaxin is responsible for the quality, safety, duration and cost of the Project. The total contract price is RMB 400 million ($66.67 million), of which RMB 200 million ($28.83 million) is for the Xuzhou Tian’an system and RMB 200 million is for the Xuzhou Huayu system. The price is a cover-all price which includes but is not limited to all the materials, equipment, labor, transportation, electricity, water, waste disposal, machinery and safety matters. As of March 31, 2019, Zhonghong had $25.58 million (or $39.12 million if including capitalized interest) for the Tian’an project and is committed to pay an additional $4.12 million for the Tian’an project. On January 4, 2019, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, entered into a Projects Transfer Agreement (the “Agreement”), pursuant to which Xi’an Zhonghong transferred the Xuzhou Huayu Project to Mr. Bai for RMB 120,000,000 ($17.52 million). Mr. Bai transferred all the equity shares of his wholly owned company, Xi’an Hanneng, to “HYREF” as repayment for the loan made by Xi’an Zhonghong to HYREF as consideration for the transfer of the Xuzhou Huayu Project. The transfer was completed February 15, 2019. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings, and to our knowledge none is threatened. There can be no assurance that future legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 42 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The following table sets forth as of May 22, 2019 the names, positions and ages of our current executive officers and directors. Our directors serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are, except to the extent governed by an employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. Name Age Position Guohua Ku 57 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of the Board Binfeng (Adeline) Gu 41 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Xiaoping Guo(1) 66 Director (Independent) Geyun Wang 50 Director, Vice President Xiaogang Zhu(1)(2) 64 Director (Independent) LuLu Sun(1) 40 Director (Independent) (1) Member or nominee, as applicable, of Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. (2) Mr. Xiaogang Zhu is a former employee of the Company. Our Board has determined that, as of the date of the 2019 Annual Meeting, Mr. Zhu will be “independent” under the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and as defined by NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). Mr. Guohua Ku was appointed as a director and our Chief Executive Officer as of December 10, 2008. He was elected Chairman of the Board as of April 1, 2009. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ku served as a Senior Engineer for Yingfeng Technology from 2003 to 2007. From 1979 to 2003, Mr. Ku served in multiple capacities for Shaanxi Blast Air Blower (Group) Co., Ltd., with his last position serving as a Senior Engineer. Mr. Ku’s experience as our Chief Executive Officer, as well as Chairman of the Board, and extensive scientific and operational knowledge and expertise qualifies him to serve as Chairman of the Board and led the Board to conclude that he should be nominated to serve another term as a director. Ms. Adeline Gu was appointed as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on September 28, 2016. Ms. Gu has been serving as the director of the office of Board of Directors of the Company from August, 2012 to September 27, 2016. She was the Investor Relations Director from December 2007 to August 13, 2012 and Investor Relations Director Assistant from March 2006 to December 2007 of China Natural Gas, Inc. From October 2005 to March 2006, Ms. Gu was the Interpreter of Xi’an Equity Exchange & Shaanxi Watson Biology Gene Technology Co., Ltd. Ms. Gu studied at Northwest University of China from September, 1995 to June, 1999 and received her bachelor degree, majoring in English. Ms. Gu has held a Chinese Accounting Certificate since 2000.. Mr. Xiaoping Guo was first appointed as a director on June 1, 2017 by the board to fill a pending vacancy. Mr. Guo has served as the assistant to the president of Datang New Energy Co., Ltd., since 2010. Mr. Guo received his bachelor degree from the Xi’an Jiaotong University in 1977, and his master’s degree in systems engineering from the same school in 2000. Mr. Guo’s extensive project engineering and development experience, as well as his management experience, qualifies him to serve on our Board and led the Board to conclude that he should be nominated as a director. Mr. Geyun Wang was initially elected as a director at the 2014 Annual Meeting, and he also serves as a Vice President of the Company. Mr. Wang is responsible for the procurement of engineering equipment and tendering for project construction, as well as supervision of installation and commissioning for EPC projects. Mr. Wang was the Deputy General Manager of our subsidiary Xi’an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. between 2007 and 2015 and he was appointed as a Vice President of the Company in 2015. Prior to this position, from 2001 to 2007, Mr. Wang served as the Vice President of Sales of Shaanxi Baoji Hongguang Iron & Steel Co., Ltd., where he was responsible for sales of steel products. Mr. Wang received his bachelor degree from Northwestern Polytechnical University in 1988. Mr. Wang’s extensive project construction and management experience, as well as his extensive industry and market expertise, qualifies him to serve on our Board and led the Board to conclude that he should be nominated as a director. 43 Table of Contents Mr. Xiaogang Zhu was first appointed as a director on June 1, 2017 by the board to fill a pending vacancy. Mr. Zhu has served as a financial consultant to Shaanxi Coal Chemical Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd., since May 2014. From December 2007 until May 10, 2014, Mr. Zhu served as the Company’s accounting manager and vice president of accounting. Prior to that, Mr. Zhu was the Chief Financial Officer of China Natural Gas, Inc., from 2005 to 2007, and as the vice president of Xi’an Dapeng Biological Technology Co., Ltd. from 2000 to 2005. Mr. Zhu received his bachelor degree in accounting from Shaanxi University of Finance and Economics in 1992. Mr. Zhu’s significant financial expertise qualifies him to serve on our Board and led the Board to conclude that he should be nominated as a director. Ms. LuLu Sun was first appointed as a director on August 5, 2015 by the board to fill a pending vacancy. Ms. Sun serves as Marketing Director for Net Engine Power Tech. Ltd. Co. in China from June 2013 to present and she was the New Media Business Development Director for Rayli Magazine in China from June 2009 to May 2013. From July 2002 to May 2009, Ms. Sun was the Business Development Project Manager for Sina Mobile in China. Ms. Sun’s extensive experience in marketing and business development in China qualifies her to serve on our Board and led the Board to conclude that she should be nominated as a director. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers has been: ● the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; ● convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); ● subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; ● found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, that has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; ● subject of, or a party to, any order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of a federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or ● subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. None of our directors, executive officers or affiliates, or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock, or any associate of such persons, is an adverse party in any material proceeding to, or has a material interest adverse to, us or any of our subsidiaries. Corporate Governance Director Independence Xiaoping Guo, LuLu Sun and Xiaogang Zhu are our only non-employee directors, and our Board determined that each of them is independent pursuant to the listing rules of NASDAQ. All of the members of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are independent as defined in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). As required under applicable NASDAQ listing standards, in the 2018 fiscal year, our independent directors met twice in regularly scheduled executive sessions at which only our independent directors were present. 44 Table of Contents Mr. Xiaogang Zhu, a nominee for director, is a former employee of the Company. Our Board has determined that, as of the date of the 2019 Annual Meeting, Mr. Zhu will be “independent” under the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and as defined by NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). Code of Ethics We adopted a “code of ethics” as defined by regulations promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act that applies to all of our directors and employees worldwide, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A current copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.creg-cn.com under the links “Investor Relations – Corporate Governance.” We intend to disclose any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as any waivers for executive officers or directors, on our website. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The following table summarizes the compensation earned during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, by those individuals who served as our Chief Executive Officer, or Chief Financial Officer during any part of fiscal year 2018 and our other most highly compensated executive officer. The individuals listed in the table below are referred to as the “named executive officers.” Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($)(4) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Guohua Ku (1) 2018 33,078 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Chief Executive Officer and 2017 33,078 -- -- Nil -- -- -- 33,078 Chairman of the Board Adeline Gu (2) 2018 22,052 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Chief Financial 2017 18,376 -- -- 7,647 -- -- -- 26,023 Officer and Secretary Geyun Wang (3) 2018 27,565 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Vice President 2017 27,565 -- -- Nil -- -- -- 27,565 (1) Guohua Ku was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on December 10, 2008. (2) Adeline Gu was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company on September 28, 2016. (3) Geyun Wang was appointed as Vice President of the Company on April 10, 2014. (4) Reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of the applicable stock option, calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. 45 Table of Contents Narrative to Summary Compensation Table In fiscal 2018, the primary components of our executive compensation programs were base salary and equity compensation. We use base salary to fairly and competitively compensate our executives, including the named executive officers, for the jobs we ask them to perform. We view base salary as the most stable component of our executive compensation program, as this amount is not at risk. We believe that the base salaries of our executives should be targeted at or above the median of base salaries for executives in similar positions with similar responsibilities at comparable companies, consistent with our compensation philosophy. Because of our emphasis on performance-based compensation for executives, base salary adjustments are generally made only when we believe there is a significant deviation from the market or an increase in responsibility. Our Compensation Committee reviews the base salary levels of our executives each year to determine whether an adjustment is warranted or necessary. Employment Contracts Mr. Guohua Ku entered into an employment agreement with the Company to serve as its CEO on December 10, 2008. The agreement had a two-year term, starting December 10, 2008, that included a one-month probationary period. In accordance with the terms and conditions of Mr. Ku’s employment agreement, on December 10, 2010, 2014, December 10, 2016, and, more recently, on December 10, 2018, the Company and Mr. Ku agreed to renew Mr. Ku’s employment agreement for an additional two-year term. Mr. Ku receives a salary of RMB 216,000 ($33,078) annually for his service as CEO. The Company may terminate the employment agreement at any time without any prior notice to the employee if Mr. Ku engages in certain conduct, including, but not limited to (i) the violation of the rules and procedures of the Company or breaches the terms of the employment agreement; (ii) neglecting his duties or engages in malpractice for personal gain that damages the Company; (iii) entering into an employment relationship with any other employer during his employment with the Company; or (iv) the commission of a crime. The Company also may terminate the employment agreement upon 30 days written notice to Mr. Ku under certain other conditions, including but not limited to (i) inability to continue position due to non-work-related sickness or injury; (ii) incompetence; and (iii) the need for mass layoffs or other restructuring. Mr. Ku has the right to resign at any time upon a 30 day written notice to the Company. In connection with her appointment as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Gu on September 28, 2016. Pursuant to the terms of the employment agreement, Ms. Gu will receive compensation of RMB 10,000 (approximately $1,538) per month plus stock options for no less than 5,000 shares of common stock of the Company each year to be issued under the China Recycling Energy Corporation Omnibus Equity Plan (the “Plan”) with the specific terms of the options to be determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board in the future. The term of the employment agreement is for two years, starting on September 28, 2016. The Compensation Committee approved the grant of an option to Ms. Gu to purchase 5,000 shares of the Company’s common stock on April 27, 2017. On September 28, 2018, the Company and Ms. Gu agreed to renew Ms. Gu’s employment agreement for an additional two-year term. Ms. Gu receives a salary of RMB 144,000 ($22,052) annually for her service as CFO. In June of 2015, the stockholders of the Company approved the China Recycling Energy Corporation Omnibus Equity Plan (the “2015 Equity Plan”) at its annual meeting. The total aggregate shares of common stock authorized for issuance during the term of the 2015 Equity Plan is 1,246,261 shares, as adjusted following the Company’s 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company’s authorized shares of Common Stock, effective in May 2016. The 2015 Equity Plan will terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) the 10th anniversary of the Equity Plan’s effective date, or (ii) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the Equity Plan shall have been issued as fully-vested shares. 46 Table of Contents Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control Employment Agreements Certain of our executive officers, including our CEO, have an employment agreement with the Company. Under Chinese law, we may only terminate employment agreements without cause and without penalty by providing notice of non-renewal one month prior to the date on which the employment agreement is scheduled to expire. If we fail to provide this notice or if we wish to terminate an employment agreement in the absence of cause, as defined in the agreement, then we are obligated to pay the employee one month’s salary for each year we have employed the employee. We are, however, permitted to terminate an employee for cause without penalty pursuant to the employment agreement. 2015 Plan In June of 2015, the stockholders of the Company approved the China Recycling Energy Corporation Omnibus Equity Plan (the “2015 Equity Plan”) at its annual meeting. The total aggregate shares of common stock authorized for issuance during the term of the 2015 Equity Plan is 1,246,261 shares, as adjusted following the Company’s 1-for-10 reverse stock split of the Company’s authorized shares of Common Stock, effective in May 2016. The 2015 Equity Plan will terminate on the earliest to occur of (i) the 10th anniversary of the Equity Plan’s effective date, or (ii) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the Equity Plan shall have been issued as fully-vested shares. A total of 5,000 shares underlying options were granted to an executive officer under the 2015 Equity Plan as of March 31, 2019. Non-Employee Director Compensation The following table sets forth certain information regarding the compensation earned by or awarded during the 2018 fiscal year to each of our non-executive directors: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($)(1) Stock Awards ($)(1) Option Awards ($) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) LuLu Sun (2) $ 12,000 $ 12,000 Xiaoping Guo (3) $ 12,000 $ 12,000 Xiaogang Zhu (3) $ 12,000 $ 12,000 (1) In setting director compensation, we consider the significant amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company, as well as the skill level required to serve as a director and manage the affairs of the Company. Each non-employee director receives a monthly Board fee of $1,000. Non–employee directors do not receive additional fees for attendance at Board or Board committee meetings or for serving on Board Committees. There were no stock option exercises by non-employee directors in fiscal year 2018. There were no option awards outstanding as of March 31, 2019, for any of the non-employee directors. (2) Ms. LuLun Sun was appointed to the Board on August 5, 2015. (3) Messrs. Guo and Zhu were appointed as directors effective June 1, 2017. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company has not implemented a written policy concerning the review of related party transactions; however, the Company’s policy is that the Audit Committee must review related party transactions and Board must approve all related party transactions. Further, all material related party transactions will be made or entered into on terms that are no less favorable to us than can be obtained from unaffiliated third parties. A “related party transaction” is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships in which the Company (including any of our subsidiaries) was, is or will be a participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect interest. As of March 31, 2019, the Company had $41,159 in advances from the Company’s management, which bear no interest, are unsecured, and are payable upon demand. 47 Table of Contents SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information provided to us by each of the following as of May 22, 2019 (unless otherwise indicated) regarding their beneficial ownership of our common stock: ● each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock; ● each of our directors and named executive officers; ● each of our officers and directors that served in such capacity during 2018, but no longer served in that capacity at the end of the fiscal year; and ● all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and investment power with respect to the securities. The following table lists the number of shares and percentage of shares beneficially owned based on 16,106,497 shares of our common stock outstanding as of May 22, 2019. Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite each person’s or entity’s name. The address for each director and executive officer is 4/F, Tower C, Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building, Keji 3 rd Road, Yanta District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi Province, China 710075. Common Stock Beneficially Owned Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Percent of Class Guohua Ku 2,644,764 16.42 % Great Essential Investment, Ltd. (2) 1,600,000 9.93 % Bohan Zhang 47,270 * Adeline Gu 5,000 (1) * Geyun Wang -- * Xiaoping Guo -- * Xiaogang Zhu -- -- LuLu Sun -- -- All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 2,692,034 16.71 % * Less than one percent (1%) of outstanding shares. (1) Represents 5,000 shares of common stock subject to currently exercisable stock options. (2) The address for Great Essential Investment, Ltd. is Akara Building, 24 De Castro Street, Wickhams Cay 1, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. 48 Table of Contents SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The 5,658,641shares of our common stock included in this prospectus, including shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to the terms of outstanding warrants, were issued to the selling shareholders pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation D and Regulation S promulgated thereunder. In a private placement on April 15, 2019, concurrently with a direct registered offering, we issued to investors in the direct registered offering warrants to purchase up to 1,769,454 shares of our common stock (the “April Investor Warrants”). In addition, we issued warrants to purchase 165,149 shares of our common stock to designees of the placement agent in the private placement (the “April Agent Warrants,” and together with the April Investor Warrants, the “April Warrants”). The Warrants will be exercisable beginning on the six month anniversary of the date of issuance at an exercise price of $0.9365 per share for the April Investor Warrants and $1.00 per share for the April Agent Warrants. The April Investor Warrants will expire on the five and a half year anniversary of the date of issuance and the April Agent Warrants will expire on April 15, 2024. In a private placement on October 29, 2018, concurrently with a direct registered offering, we issued to investors in the direct registered offering warrants to purchase up to 1,985,082 shares of our common stock (the “October Investor Warrants”). In addition, we issued warrants to purchase 138,956 shares of our common stock to designees of the placement agent in the private placement (the “October Agent Warrants,” and together with the October Investor Warrants, the “October Warrants”). The October Warrants are exercisable beginning on the six month anniversary of the date of issuance at an exercise price of $ 1.3725 per share for the October Investor Warrants and $1.875 per share for the October Agent Warrants. The October Investor Warrants will expire on the five and a half year anniversary of the date of issuance and the October Agent Warrants will expire on October 29, 2023. On February 13, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Great Essential Investment, Ltd., a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “Purchaser”), pursuant to which the Company sold to the Purchaser in a private placement 1,600,000 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at a purchase price of $1.013 per share for an aggregate offering price of $1,620,800 (the “Private Placement”). The selling shareholders named below, or their respective successors, including transferees, may from time to time sell or otherwise dispose of, pursuant to this prospectus, all, some or none of their shares of our common stock being registered hereby. See “Plan of Distribution” on page 51. The following table sets forth, as to each of the selling shareholders: the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned, based on each selling shareholder’s ownership of shares and warrants held of record as of May 22, 2019, assuming exercise of all of the warrants held by such selling shareholder on that date, without regard to any limitations on exercise and solely for purposes of the beneficial ownership calculation; the number of shares of our common stock being offered by such selling shareholder pursuant to this prospectus; and the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned upon completion of the offering and the percentage of beneficial ownership upon completion of the offering based upon 16,106,498 shares of our common stock outstanding as of May 22, 2019, assuming full exercise of all warrants held by the selling shareholders and outstanding on that date, without regard to any limitations on exercise, including but not limited to exercise date restrictions. The registration of these shares of common stock does not mean that the selling stockholders will sell or otherwise dispose of all or any of those securities. The selling stockholders may sell or otherwise dispose of all, a portion or none of such shares from time to time. We do not know the number of shares, if any, that will be offered for sale or other disposition by any of the selling stockholders under this prospectus. Furthermore, the selling stockholders may have sold, transferred or disposed of the shares of common stock covered hereby in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act since the date on which the Company filed this prospectus. 49 Table of Contents Information in the table below and the notes thereto has been provided to us by the selling shareholders. Unless otherwise indicated, to our knowledge, each selling shareholder listed below has sole dispositive and voting power with respect to the shares of our common stock shown below as beneficially owned by such selling shareholder, except to the extent authority is shared by spouses under applicable law. Beneficial ownership and percentage have been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or dispositive power with respect to the securities. The information listed below is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Beneficial Ownership Before Offering Shares of Common Stock Included in Beneficial Ownership Number of After Offering Name Stock Warrants Total Prospectus Shares Percentage Anson Investments Master Fund LP(2) - 1,251,512 1,251,512 1,251,512 (1 ) (1 ) Intracoastal Capital, LLC(3) - 1,251,512 1,251,512 1,251,512 (1 ) (1 ) L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund(4) - 589,818 589,818 589,818 (1 ) (1 ) CVI Investments, Inc.(5) - 661,694 661,694 661,694 (1 ) (1 ) Mark Viklund - 9,123 9,123 9,123 (1 ) (1 ) Michael Vasinkevich - 196,149 196,149 196,149 (1 ) (1 ) Noam Rubinstein - 95,793 95,793 95,793 (1 ) (1 ) Charles Worthman - 3,034 3,034 3,034 (1 ) (1 ) Great Essential Investment, Ltd.(6) 1,600,000 - 1,600,000 1,600,000 (1 ) (1 ) Total (1) Because (a) the Selling Stockholder may offer all or some of the Shares covered by this prospectus, (b) the offering of the Shares is not being underwritten on a firm commitment basis, and (c) the Selling Stockholder could purchase additional shares of our Common Stock from time to time, no estimate can be given as to the number of shares or percent of our Common Stock that will be held by the Selling Stockholder upon termination of the offering. (2) Anson Advisors Inc and Anson Funds Management LP, the Co-Investment Advisers of Anson Investments Master Fund LP (“Anson”), hold voting and dispositive power over the Common Shares held by Anson. Bruce Winson is the managing member of Anson Management GP LLC, which is the general partner of Anson Funds Management LP. Moez Kassam and Amin Nathoo are directors of Anson Advisors Inc. Mr. Winson, Mr. Kassam and Mr. Nathoo each disclaim beneficial ownership of these Common Shares except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. The principal business address of Anson is 190 Elgin Ave, George Town, Grand Cayman. (3) Mitchell P. Kopin (“Mr. Kopin”) and Daniel B. Asher (“Mr. Asher”), each of whom are managers of Intracoastal Capital LLC (“Intracoastal”), have shared voting control and investment discretion over the securities reported herein that are held by Intracoastal. As a result, each of Mr. Kopin and Mr. Asher may be deemed to have beneficial ownership (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act of the securities reported herein that are held by Intracoastal). The principal business office of Mr. Kopin and Intracoastal is 245 Palm Trail, Delray Beach, Florida 33483. The principal business office of Mr. Asher is 111 W. Jackson Boulevard, Suite 2000, Chicago, Illinois 60604. (4) Mr. David Feldman is the natural person with voting and dispositive power over the shares held by L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund. The selling security holder’s address is attention: David Feldman, L1 Capital, Meridian Center, 1688 Meridian Avenue, 6th and 7th Floor, Miami Beach, Florida 33139. (5) Heights Capital Management, Inc., the authorized agent of CVI Investments, Inc. (“CVI”), has discretionary authority to vote and dispose of the shares held by CVI and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these shares. Martin Kobinger, in his capacity as Investment Manager of Heights Capital Management, Inc., may also be deemed to have investment discretion and voting power over the shares held by CVI. Mr. Kobinger disclaims any such beneficial ownership of the shares. The address of the principal business office of CVI Investments, Inc. is: P.O. Box 309G, Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town, Grand Cayman. The address of the principal business office of Heights Capital Management, Inc. is: 101 California Street, Suite 3250, San Francisco, California 94111. (6) Mr. Jinghe Dong is the sole shareholder of Great Essential Investment, Ltd. and is the beneficial owner (i.e., exercises all investment discretion and voting control) of the shares owned by Great Essential Investment, Ltd. The address for Great Essential Investment, Ltd. is Akara Building, 24 De Castro Street, Wickhams Cay 1, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. None of the selling shareholders, other than those identified by disclosure above, has, or within the past three years has had, any position, office or material relationship with us or with any of our predecessors or affiliates. 50 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling shareholders are offering from time to time 5,658,641 shares of our common stock, of which 1,600,000 shares are currently outstanding and 4,058,641 shares are issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants. The selling shareholders and any of their pledgees, donees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of our common stock being offered under this prospectus on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. All of the shares of our common stock and the Warrants described above were issued previously in private transactions completed prior to the filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. The selling shareholders may sell all or a portion of the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by them and offered hereby from time to time directly or through one or more underwriters, broker-dealers or agents. If the shares of our common stock are sold through underwriters or broker-dealers, the selling shareholders will be responsible for underwriting discounts or commissions or agent’s commissions. The shares of our common stock may be sold in one or more transactions at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. These sales may be effected in transactions, which may involve crosses or block transactions: ● On any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the securities may be listed or quoted at the time of sale; ● In the over-the-counter markets; ● In transactions otherwise than on these exchanges or systems or in the over-the-counter markets; ● Through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether such options are listed on an options exchange or otherwise; ● Ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● Block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● Purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; ● An exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● Privately negotiated transactions; ● Settlement of short sales; ● Broker-dealers may agree with the selling shareholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; ● A combination of any such methods of sale; and ● Any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The selling shareholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), if available, rather than under this prospectus. If the selling shareholders effect such transactions by selling shares of our common stock to or through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, such underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling shareholders or commissions from purchasers of the shares of our common stock for whom they may act as agent or to whom they may sell as principal (which discounts, concessions or commissions as to particular underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may be in excess of those customary in the types of transactions involved). In connection with sales of the shares of our common stock or otherwise, the selling shareholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers, which may in turn engage in short sales of the shares of our common stock in the course of hedging in positions they assume. The selling shareholders may also sell shares of our common stock short and deliver shares of our common stock covered by this prospectus to close out short positions and to return borrowed shares in connection with such short sales. The selling shareholders may also loan or pledge shares of our common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell such shares. 51 Table of Contents The selling shareholders may pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the Warrants or shares of our common stock owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of our common stock from time to time pursuant to this prospectus or any amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending, if necessary, the list of selling shareholders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling shareholders under this prospectus. The selling shareholders also may transfer and donate the shares of our common stock in other circumstances in which case the transferees, donees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. The selling shareholders and any broker-dealer participating in the distribution of the shares of our common stock may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any commission paid, or any discounts or concessions allowed to, any such broker-dealer may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Under the securities laws of some states, the shares of our common stock may be sold in such states only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the shares of our common stock may not be sold unless such shares have been registered or qualified for sale in such state or an exemption from registration or qualification is available and is complied with. There can be no assurance that any selling shareholder will sell any or all of the shares of our common stock registered pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. The selling shareholders and any other person participating in such distribution will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulation M of the Exchange Act, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares of our common stock by the selling shareholders and any other participating person. Regulation M may also restrict the ability of any person engaged in the distribution of the shares of our common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of our common stock. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the shares of our common stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of our common stock. We have agreed to pay all expenses of the registration of the shares of our common stock covered by this prospectus including, without limitation, SEC filing fees and expenses of compliance with state securities or “blue sky” laws; provided, however, that a selling shareholder will pay all underwriting discounts and selling commissions, if any. We will indemnify the selling shareholders against liabilities, including some liabilities under the Securities Act, in accordance with our agreement to register the shares of our common stock, or the selling shareholders will be entitled to contribution. Once sold under the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, the shares of our common stock will be freely tradable in the hands of persons other than our affiliates. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following is a summary of our capital stock and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, our Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (“Bylaws”), and applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the “NRS”). See “Where You Can Find More Information” elsewhere in this prospectus for information on where you can obtain copies of our Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, which have been filed with and are publicly available from the SEC. Our authorized capital stock consists of 20,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share. Currently, we have no other authorized class of stock. 52 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK As of May 22, 2019, there were 16,106,498 shares of our Common Stock outstanding, held by approximately 2,720 stockholders of record. There are warrants to purchase 4,058,641 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. Our Common Stock is currently traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “CREG.” The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting. The holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by our board of directors (“BOD”) out of legally available funds; however, the current policy of our BOD is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for distribution. The holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Shares of our Common Stock that may be offered for resale, from time to time, under this prospectus will be fully paid and nonassessable. Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Nevada Law As a Nevada corporation, we are also subject to certain provisions of the NRS that have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination. These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring us to negotiate with, and to obtain the approval of, our BOD in connection with such a transaction. However, certain of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of us, including an acquisition in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. As a result, stockholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have the opportunity to do so. The NRS provides that specified persons who, with or through their affiliates or associates, own, or affiliates and associates of the subject corporation at any time within two years own or did own, 10% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation cannot engage in specified business combinations with the corporation for a period of two years after the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the combination meets all of the requirements of the articles of incorporation of the company, and: (i) the combination or transaction by which such person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the BOD before they first became an interested stockholder; or (ii) such combination is approved by: (x) the board of directors; and (y) at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders (not by written consent), the affirmative vote of stockholders representing at least 60% of the outstanding voting power not beneficially owned by such interested stockholder. The law defines the term “business combination” to encompass a wide variety of transactions with or caused by an interested stockholder, including mergers, asset sales and other transactions in which the interested stockholder receives or could receive a benefit on other than a pro rata basis with other stockholders. The Control Share Acquisition Statute generally applies only to Nevada corporations with at least 200 stockholders of record, including at least 100 stockholders of record who are Nevada residents, and which conduct business directly or indirectly in Nevada. This statute generally provides that any person that acquires a “controlling interest” acquires voting rights in the control shares, as defined, only as conferred by the disinterested stockholders of the corporation at a special or annual meeting. A person acquires a “controlling interest” whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation that, but for the application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or more, but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become “control shares.” In the event control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired at least a majority of all of the voting power, any stockholder of record who has not voted in favor of authorizing voting rights for the control shares is entitled to demand payment for the fair value of its shares. These laws may have a chilling effect on certain transactions if our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws are not amended to provide that these provisions do not apply to us or to an acquisition of a controlling interest, or if our disinterested stockholders do not confer voting rights in the control shares. 53 Table of Contents EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of China Recycling Energy Corporation appearing in China Recycling Energy Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 have been audited by MJF & Associates, APC, an independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon, included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as an expert in accounting and auditing. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the issuance of the securities offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Garvey Schubert Barer, P.C. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We are subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document we file at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. These documents also may be accessed through the SEC’s electronic data gathering, analysis and retrieval system, or EDGAR, via electronic means, including the SEC’s home page on the Internet (www.sec.gov). This prospectus is only part of a registration statement on Form S-1 that we have filed with the SEC under the Securities Act and therefore omits certain information contained in the registration statement. We have also filed exhibits and schedules with the registration statement that are excluded from this prospectus, and you should refer to the applicable exhibit or schedule for a complete description of any statement referring to any contract or other document. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement, including the exhibits and schedules, without charge, at the public reference room or obtain a copy from the SEC upon payment of the fees prescribed by the SEC. We also maintain a website at www.creg-cn.com, through which you can access our SEC filings. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form any part of, this prospectus. We have included our website address as a factual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference the information and reports we file with it under File No. 001-34625, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those publicly available documents. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information already incorporated by reference. We are incorporating by reference the documents listed below, which we have already filed with the SEC, and all documents subsequently filed by us pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, except as to any portion of any future report or document that is not deemed filed under such provisions, prior to the termination of the offering: ● Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019 , as amended by that Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 29, 2019 , and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on May 20, 2019 ; ● Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019 , January 8, 2019 , January 24, 2019 , February 19, 2019 , February 20, 2019 , April 2, 2019 , and April 15, 2019 (three Forms 8-K), as amended (in each case, except for information contained therein which is furnished rather than filed); and ● The description of our Common Stock contained in the Registration Statement on Form SB-2, filed with the Commission on July 29, 2005 , and any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description. 54 Table of Contents We also incorporate by reference all documents that we file with the SEC on or after the effective time of this prospectus pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and prior to the sale of all shares of Common Stock registered hereunder or the termination of the registration statement. Nothing in this prospectus shall be deemed to incorporate information furnished but not filed with the SEC. Any statement contained in this prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes the statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. You may request a copy of the filings incorporated herein by reference, including exhibits to such documents that are specifically incorporated by reference, at no cost, by writing or calling us at the following address or telephone number: China Recycling Energy Corporation 124/F, Tower C Rong Cheng Yun Gu Building Keji 3 rd Road, Yanta District Attn: Adeline Gu, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary +86-29-8769-1097 Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other documents are not necessarily complete, and in each instance you are referred to the copy of the contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement or incorporated herein, each such statement being qualified in all respects by such reference and the exhibits and schedules thereto. 55 Table of Contents CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION 5,658,641 Shares of Common Stock PROSPECTUS , 2019 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth the costs and expenses that payable by us in connection with the offering described in the prospectus that is part of this registration statement. All amounts, other than the SEC Registration Fee, are estimates. Although we will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares of our common stock being registered in this registration statement, we agreed to bear the costs and expenses of the registration of such shares. SEC Registration Fee $ 355.40 Printing Fees and Expenses - Accounting Fees and Expenses 2,500 Legal Fees and Expenses 12,500 Total $ 15,355.40 Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 78.138 of the NRS provides that a director or officer is not individually liable to the corporation or its shareholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that (1) the director’s or officer’s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (2) his or her breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. This provision is intended to afford directors and officers protection against and to limit their potential liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of the duty of care by a director or officer. As a consequence of this provision, shareholders of our Company will be unable to recover monetary damages against directors or officers for action taken by them that may constitute negligence or gross negligence in performance of their duties unless such conduct falls within one of the foregoing exceptions. The provision, however, does not alter the applicable standards governing a director’s or officer’s fiduciary duty and does not eliminate or limit the right of our company or any shareholder to obtain an injunction or any other type of non-monetary relief in the event of a breach of fiduciary duty. Our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws provide, among other things, that a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation may be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees inclusive of any appeal), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such claim, action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best of our interests, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person’s conduct was unlawful. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be provided for directors, officers, employees, agents or persons controlling an issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the opinion of the SEC is that such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is therefore unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification by such director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being offered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. At the present time, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving a director, officer, employee or other agent of ours in which indemnification would be required or permitted. We are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding, which may result in a claim for such indemnification. II- 1 Table of Contents Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities The following list sets forth information regarding all unregistered securities sold or issued by us in the three years preceding the date of this registration statement. In each of the transactions described below the recipients of securities represented their intention to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions. ● On July 11, 2018, China Recycling Energy Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., a Utah limited partnership (the “Purchaser”), pursuant to which the Company sold and issued to the Purchaser a Convertible Promissory Note (the “Note”) in the amount of $1,070,000. The Purchaser purchased the Note with an original issue discount of $50,000, and the Company agreed to pay to the Purchaser $20,000 for fees and costs incurred by Purchaser in connection with the consummation of the Purchase Agreement. The Note was sold to the Purchaser pursuant to an exemption from registration under Regulation D, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Note bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum. All outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Note will become due and payable on July 11, 2020, subject to a potential one-year extension period during which interest would not accrue. The Company’s obligations under the Note may be prepaid at any time, provided that in such circumstance the Company would pay 125% of any amounts outstanding under the Note. Amounts outstanding under the Note may be converted at any time, at the Lender’s option, into shares of the Company’s common stock at a conversion price of $3.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments. During the term of the Note, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, enter into or effect certain fundamental business transactions. The Purchaser has the option to redeem the Note at any time after the six month anniversary of the date when the purchase price is delivered to the Company (“Purchase Price Date”) in the amounts of up to 50% of the amount outstanding during the nine month period after Purchase Price Date or any percentage of the amount outstanding under the Note at any time after the nine month anniversary of Purchase Price Date, with such redemption amounts paid in cash or shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company’s election. ● On October 29, 2018, China Recycling Energy Corporation (the “Company”) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain purchasers (the “Purchasers”), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Purchasers 1,985,082 warrants in the aggregate (each, a “October Warrant”, and collectively, the “October Warrants”) , for a purchase price of $0.125 per October Warrant and aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $250,000, before deducting fees to the placement agent and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The October Warrants are exercisable on the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $1.3725 per share and expire on the five and a half year anniversary of the date of issuance. The October Warrants and the shares of the Company’s Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the October Warrants (the “October Warrant Shares”) were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement, and were instead offered pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act. Each Purchaser is either (i) an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. Each Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has enough knowledge and experience to be considered a sophisticated investor, has access to the type of information normally provided in a prospectus for a registered securities offering, and has agreed not to resell or distribute the October Warrants or the October Warrant Shares to the public except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC acted as the Company’s exclusive placement agent in connection with the offerings under the Purchase Agreement and received warrants to purchase our Common Stock in an amount equal to 138,956 shares, on substantially the same terms as the October Warrants, with an initial exercise price of $1.875 per share and expiration date of October 29, 2023 (the “October Placement Agent Warrants”). ● On February 13, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Great Essential Investment, Ltd., a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “Purchaser”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Purchaser in a private placement 1,600,000 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at a purchase price of $1.013 per share for an aggregate offering price of $1,620,800 (the “Private Placement”). ● On each of January 31, 2019 and February 27, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (together, the “Purchase Agreements”) with Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., a Utah limited partnership (the “Purchaser”), pursuant to which the Company sold and issued to the Purchaser an aggregate of two Convertible Promissory Notes (the “Original Notes”), each in the principal amount of $1,050,000. The Purchaser purchased each of the Original Notes with an original issue discount of $50,000. The Original Notes were sold to the Purchaser pursuant to an exemption from registration under Regulation D, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. II- 2 Table of Contents The Original Notes bore interest at the rate of 8% per annum. All outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Original Notes would have become due and payable on January 31, 2021 and February 27, 2021, respectively, in each case subject to a potential one-year extension period during which interest would not accrue. The Company’s obligations under the Original Notes could be prepaid at any time, provided that in such circumstance the Company would have paid 125% of any amounts outstanding under the Original Notes. Amounts outstanding under the Original Notes could have been converted at any time, at the Lender’s option, into shares of the Company’s common stock at a conversion price of $3.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments. During the terms of the Original Notes, the Company could not, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, enter into or effect certain fundamental business transactions. The Purchaser had the option to redeem the Original Notes at any time after the six month anniversary of the date when the purchase price for an Original Note is delivered to the Company (each, a “Purchase Price Date”) in the amounts of up to 50% of the amount outstanding during the nine month period after the applicable Purchase Price Date or any percentage of the amount outstanding under such Original Note at any time after the nine month anniversary of the applicable Purchase Price Date, with such redemption amounts paid in cash or shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination thereof, at the Company’s election. Pursuant to an Exchange Agreement dated April 14, 2019 (the “Exchange Agreement”), the Company and the Purchaser agreed to exchange the Original Notes with two new promissory notes with a principal amount of $1,173,480 and $1,165,379.18, respectively (the “Exchange Notes”). All outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Exchange Notes will become due and payable on January 31, 2021 and February 27, 2021, respectively. The Exchange Notes bear interest at the rate of 8% per annum and do not have conversion options in favor of the Purchaser. The Company’s obligations under the Exchange Notes may be prepaid at any time, provided that in such circumstance the Company must pay 125% of any amounts outstanding under the Exchange Notes. Beginning on the date that is six (6) months from the issue date of the respective Original Notes (the “Issue Dates”) and at any time thereafter until the Exchange Notes are paid in full, Purchaser shall have the right to redeem up to $750,000 of the outstanding balance during months six to eight following the respective Issue Date and any amount thereafter. ● On April 15, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with certain purchasers (the “Purchasers”), pursuant to which the Company issued 1,769,454 warrants in the aggregate (each, a “April Warrant”, and collectively, the “April Warrants”) to the Purchaser. The April Warrants are exercisable beginning on the six month anniversary of the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of $0.9365 per share and expire on the five and one-half year anniversary of the date of issuance. The April Warrants and the shares of the Company’s Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the April Warrants (the “Warrant Shares”) were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement, and were instead offered pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act. Each Purchaser was either (i) an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. Each Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, had sufficient knowledge and experience to be considered a sophisticated investor, had access to the type of information normally provided in a prospectus for a registered securities offering, and agreed not to resell or distribute the April Warrants or the April Warrant Shares to the public except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC acted as the Company’s exclusive placement agent in connection with the offerings under the Purchase Agreement and received warrants to purchase our Common Stock in an amount equal to 165,149 shares of Common Stock (the “April Placement Agent Warrants”), on substantially the same terms as the April Warrants, except that the Placement Agent Warrants have an initial exercise price of $1.00 per share, are exercisable commencing on the later of (i) six months of the issuance date or (ii) the date on which the Company increases the number of its authorized shares, and expire on April 15, 2024. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The information required by this item is set forth on the exhibit index that follows the signature page of this registration statement. II- 3 Table of Contents Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (§ 230.424(b) of this chapter) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. II- 4 Table of Contents (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the agent at the closing specified in the agency agreement certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the agent to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Xi’an, China, on this 24th day of May, 2019. CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORPORATION By: /s/ Guohua Ku Guohua Ku Chairma of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Guohua Ku and Adeline Gu as his/her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him/her and in his/her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement on Form S-1 and any subsequent registration statement the Registrant may hereafter file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act to register additional securities in connection with this registration statement, and to file this registration statement, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in order to effectuate the same as fully, to all intents and purposes, as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Guohua Ku Chairman of the Board of Directors and Gouhua Ku Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) May 24, 2019 /s/ Binfeng (Adeline) Gu Chief Financial Officer Binfeng (Adeline) Gu (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) and Secretary May 24, 2019 /s/ Xiaoping Guo Director Xiaoping Guo May 24, 2019 /s/ Geyun Wang Director Geyun Wang May 24, 2019 /s/ Xiaogang Zhu Director Xiaogang Zhu May 24, 2019 /s/ LuLu Sun Director LuLu Sun May 24, 2019 II- 6 Table of Contents The following documents listed below that have been previously filed with the SEC (1934 Act File No. 000-12536 unless otherwise stated) are incorporated herein by reference: Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.05 to the Company’s Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001). 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 25, 2009). 3.3 Certificate of Change (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 24, 2016). 4.1 Common Stock Specimen (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated November 12, 2004; 1934 Act File No. 333-120431). 4.2 Form of October Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 30, 2018). 4.2 Form of April Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 15, 2019). 5.1 Opinion of Garvey Schubert Barer. † 10.1 Supplementary Agreement by and between Inner Mongolia Erdos TCH Energy Saving Development Co., Ltd. and Inner Mongolia Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd., dated December 1, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 10.2 Joint Operation Agreement by and between Xi’an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Inner Mongolia Erdos Metallurgy Co., Ltd., dated January 20, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2009). 10.3 Form of Independent Director Agreement. (filed as Exhibit 10.28 on the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on February 5, 2010).* 10.4 Employment Agreement between the Company and Guohua Ku (filed as Exhibit 10.29 on the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on February 5, 2010).* 10.5 Biomass Power Generation Asset Transfer Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 16, 2013). 10.6 Biomass Power Generation Project Lease Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 16, 2013). 10.7 Partnership Agreement of Beijing Hongyuan Recycling Energy Investment Center, LLP, dated July 18, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). 10.8 EPC Contract for Boxing CDQ Waste Heat Power Generation Project, dated July 22, 2013, by and between Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd and Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). 10.9 EPC Contract for CDQ Power Generation Project of Xuzhou Tianyu Group, dated July 22, 2013, by and between Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd and Xi’an H201uaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). II- 7 Table of Contents 10.10 Cooperation Agreement, dated July 22, 2013, by and between Xi’an Zhonghong New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Tianyu Energy and Chemical Group Co., Ltd (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2013). 10.11 Waste Heat Power Generation Energy Management Cooperative Agreement with Zhongtai (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 6, 2013). 10.12 CDQ Power Generation Energy Management Cooperative Agreement with Rongfeng (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2013). 10.13 China Recycling Energy Corporation Omnibus Equity Plan (Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company’s Definitive Schedule 14A filed on April 30, 2015)*. 10.14 Transfer Agreement of CDQ & Waste Heat Power Generation, dated November 16, 2015, by and between Xi’an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd and Tangshan Rongfeng Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. and Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 20, 2015). 10.15 Xuzhou Zhongtai CDQ and Waste Heat Power Generation System Transfer Agreement, dated March 14, 2016, by Xi’an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd, Xuzhou Zhongtai Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Xi’an Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 18, 2016). 10.16 Repurchase Agreement for Coking Coal Gas Power Generation Project, dated June 22, 2016, by and between Xi’an TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Qitaihe City Boli Yida Coal Selection Co., Ltd. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 15, 2016). 10.17 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated July 11, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2018). 10.18 Convertible Promissory Note, issued by China Recycling Energy Corporation to Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated July 11, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2018). 10.19 Equity Purchase Agreement by and between Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Jinhua Wang, dated September 30, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2018). 10.20 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among China Recycling Energy Corporation and certain purchasers, dated October 29, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 30, 2018). 10.21 Agreement of Supplementary and Amendment by and between Shanghai TCH Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Jinhua Wang, dated November 21, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 26, 2018). 10.22 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Great Essential Investment, Ltd, dated February 13, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 19, 2019). II- 8 Table of Contents 10.23 Termination of Equity Purchase Agreement and Supplementary Amendment Agreement by and between Shanghai TCH and Mr. Jihua Wang, dated February 15, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 19, 2019). 10.24 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated January 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2019). 10.25 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated February 27, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2019) 10.26 Exchange Agreement by and between China Recycling Energy Corporation and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P., dated April 14, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2019). 10.27 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among China Recycling Energy Corporation and certain purchasers, dated April 15, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2019). 10.28 CDQ WHPG Station Fixed Assets Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and among Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, the HYREF, Guohua Ku and Chonggong Bai. (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated April 16, 2019). 10.29 Buy-Back Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and among HYREF, Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, Guohua Ku, Chonggong Bai and Xi’an Hanneng. (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated April 16, 2019). 10.30 Equity Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and between Xi’an TCH and Hongyuan Huifu. (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated April 16, 2019). 10.31 Equity Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and between Shanghai TCH and HYREF. (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated April 16, 2019). 10.32 Supplementary Agreement of Equity Transfer Agreement, dated December 29, 2018, by and among Xi’an TCH, Hongy uan Huifu, and the Fund Management Company. (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated April 16, 2019). 10.33 Projects Transfer Agreement by and among Xi’an Zhonghong, Xi’an TCH, and Mr. Chonggong Bai, dated January 4, 2019. (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K dated April 16, 2019). 14.1 Code of Ethics (filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2009). 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant† 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. † 23.2 Consent of Garvey Schubert Barer (included in Exhibit 5.1). † 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in signature page). † * Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. † Exhibits filed herewith. II-9
