firstbank_s1-041712.htm As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2012 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Firstbank Corporation Michigan 38-2633910 (Exact name of registrant (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer as specified in its charter) incorporation or organization) Identification Number) Firstbank Corporation 311 Woodworth Avenue Alma, Michigan 48801 (989) 463-3131 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Thomas R. Sullivan President and CEO Firstbank Corporation 311 Woodworth Avenue Alma, Michigan 48801 (989) 463-3131 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Harvey Koning Varnum LLP 333 Bridge Street, N.W., Suite 1700 Grand Rapids, Michigan 49504 (616) 336-6860 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act statement number of the earlier effective registration for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 4l3(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount to be registered (1)(2)(3) Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1)(2)(3) Amount of Registration Fee Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, no par value 33,000 shares $1,000 (1) 33,000,000 $3,782 Depositary Shares(4) -- -- -- -- Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, no par value, and underlying shares of Common Stock (2) 578,947 shares 8.55 (3) 4,949,997 $568 Total $37,949,997 $4,350 (1) Calculated in accordance with Rule 457(a) and includes such additional number of shares of Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, of a currently indeterminable amount, as may from time to time become issuable by reason of stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. (2) In addition to the Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, there are being registered hereunder (a) a warrant for the purchase of 578,947 shares of common stock with an initial per share exercise price of $8.55, (b) the 578,947 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrant and (c) such additional number of shares of common stock, of a currently indeterminable amount, as may from time to time become issuable by reason of stock splits, stock dividends and certain antidilution provisions set forth in such warrant, which shares of common stock are registered hereunder pursuant to Rule 416. (3) Calculated in accordance with Rule 457(i) with respect to the per share exercise price of the Warrant of $8.55. (4) In the event Treasury requests that we deposit the shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a depositary pursuant to a depositary arrangement, depositary shares evidencing fractional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock may be sold pursuant to this registration statement in lieu of whole shares of Series A Preferred Stock. We hereby amend this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until we file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed or supplemented. The securities described in this prospectus cannot be sold until the registration statement that we have filed to cover the securities has become effective under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and this prospectus is accompanied by a prospectus supplement. This prospectus is not an offer to sell the securities, nor is it a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities in any jurisdiction where an offer or sale thereof is not permitted. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The selling securityholders may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state or jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to Completion Preliminary Prospectus, dated ______________, 2012 PROSPECTUS FIRSTBANK CORPORATION 33,000 SHARES OF FIXED RATE CUMULATIVE PERPETUAL PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES A LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE AMOUNT $1,000 PER SHARE (OR DEPOSITARY SHARES EVIDENCING FRACTIONAL INTERESTS IN SUCH SHARES) 578,947 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK AND A WARRANT TO PURCHASE SUCH SHARES This prospectus relates to the potential resale from time to time by the United States Department of the Treasury of some or all of the shares of our Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (“Series A Preferred Stock”), or, in the event such shares are deposited with a depositary as described in this prospectus, depositary shares evidencing fractional interests in such shares, a warrant to purchase 578,947 shares of our common stock (the “Warrant”), and any shares of our common stock issuable from time to time upon exercise of the Warrant. In this prospectus, we refer to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the Warrant and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, collectively, as the securities. The Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrant were originally issued by us pursuant to the Letter Agreement dated January 30, 2009, and the related Securities Purchase Agreement — Standard Terms (collectively, the “Purchase Agreement”), between us and the United States Department of the Treasury (“Treasury”), which we refer to as the initial selling securityholder, in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). We have assumed for purposes of this prospectus that any sales made by Treasury of our Preferred Shares will be conducted pursuant to an auction referred to as a modified Dutch auction with a process that is similar to the auctions conducted for previous sales by Treasury of other CPP participants' shares of preferred stock. The public offering price and the allocation of the Preferred Shares in this offering will be determined by an auction process. During the auction period, potential bidders will be able to place bids to purchase Preferred Shares at any price (such bid price to be in increments of $0.01). However, the minimum size for any bid will be one Preferred Share. If Treasury decides to sell any of the offered Preferred Shares, the public offering price of such Preferred Shares will equal the clearing price set in the auction plus accrued dividends. The clearing price will be equal to the highest price in the auction for which the quantity of all bids at or above such price equals the number of Preferred Shares that Treasury elects to sell. In certain cases, the bids of bidders may be pro-rated. Even if bids are received for all of the offered Preferred Shares, Treasury may decide not to sell any Preferred Shares, regardless of the clearing price set in the auction process. The method for submitting bids and a more detailed description of this auction process are described in “Auction Process” beginning on page 20 of this prospectus. Neither the Series A Preferred Stock nor the Warrant is listed on an exchange. Unless requested by the initial selling securityholder, we do not intend to list the Series A Preferred Stock on any exchange. We do not intend to list the Warrant on any exchange. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “FBMI.” On April 16, 2012, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was $9.58 per share. You are urged to obtain current market quotations of our common stock. Investing in our securities involves risks. See the description of “Risk Factors” which begins on page 1. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in the United States. These securities are not deposits and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. This prospectus is dated _________________, 2012. TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS PROSPECTUS SUMMARY RISK FACTORS RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERENCE DIVIDENDS DESCRIPTION OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES DESCRIPTION OF WARRANT DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK AUCTION PROCESS SELLING SHAREHOLDER U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES VALIDITY OF SECURITIES EXPERTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, using a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, the selling securityholders may, from time to time, offer and sell, in one or more offerings, the securities described in this prospectus. We will provide a prospectus supplement containing specific information about the terms of each particular offering by the selling securityholders. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information in this prospectus. If the information in this prospectus is inconsistent with a prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in that prospectus supplement. You should read both this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, together with the additional information described under “Where You Can Find More Information” for more information. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Firstbank Corporation,” “Firstbank,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “ours” and “us” are to Firstbank Corporation and its subsidiaries. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document that we file at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference the information we file with them, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus. We incorporate by reference the following documents listed below, except to the extent that any information contained in these filings is declared "furnished" in accordance with SEC rules. · Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2012; · Our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2012; and · Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2012. You may obtain a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address: Firstbank Corporation 311 Woodworth Avenue Alma, Michigan 48801 Telephone: (989) 463-3131 Facsimile: (989) 466-2042 Attention: Thomas R. Sullivan In addition, all of these filings may be accessed from our website at http://www.firstbankmi.com. Information on, or that can be accessible through, our website does not constitute a part of, and is not incorporated by reference in, this prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated, currency amounts in this prospectus and in any applicable prospectus supplement are stated in United States dollars. You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone else to provide you with additional or different information. We are only offering these securities in jurisdictions where the offer is permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement or any document incorporated by reference is accurate as of any date other than the dates of the applicable documents. 1 SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain of the statements made herein, including information incorporated herein by reference to other documents, are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning and protections of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions, and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control, and which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as “may”, “will”, “anticipate”, “assume”, “should”, “indicate”, “would”, “believe”, “contemplate”, “expect”, “estimate”, “continue”, “plan”, “point to”, “project”, “could”, “intend”, “target”, and other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: · the effects of future economic, business and market conditions, domestic and foreign, including seasonality; · governmental monetary and fiscal policies; · legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws and regulations and their application by our regulators; · changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; · the risks of changes in interest rates on the levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand, and the values and liquidity of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; · credit risks of borrowers; · changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets; · changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; · the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment and insurance services; · the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible loan losses and other estimates; · the risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such transactions; · changes in technology or products that may be more difficult, costly, or less effective, than anticipated; · the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events that may affect general economic conditions; and · other factors and risks described under “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and in any of our subsequent reports that we have made or make with the SEC under the Exchange Act. All written or oral forward-looking statements that are made by or are attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. We have no obligation and do not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this prospectus, or after the respective dates on which such statements otherwise are made. 2 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY Our Company Firstbank Corporation (“We” or the “Corporation”) is a bank holding company. We own all of the outstanding stock of Firstbank – Alma, Firstbank (Mt. Pleasant), Firstbank – West Branch, Keystone Community Bank, Firstbank – West Michigan, and FBMI Risk Management Services, Inc. (a captive insurance company). Our business is concentrated in a single industry segment – commercial banking. Each subsidiary bank is a full-service community bank. Our subsidiary banks offer all customary banking services, including the acceptance of checking, savings, and time deposits and the making of commercial, mortgage (principally single family), home improvement, automobile, and other consumer loans. Trust services are offered to customers through Citizens Bank Wealth Management in the Firstbank – Alma main office. Our principal sources of revenues are interest and fees on loans and non-interest revenue resulting from banking and non-bank subsidiary activity. Beginning in 2001, each of our subsidiary banks established mortgage company subsidiaries. Each of our subsidiary banks also offers securities brokerage services at their main offices through arrangements with third party brokerage firms. Firstbank – Alma is a Michigan state chartered bank. It and its predecessors have operated continuously in Alma, Michigan since 1880. Its main office and one branch are located in Alma. Firstbank – Alma also has two full service branches located in St Johns, and one full service branch located in each of the following communities near Alma: Ashley, Dewitt, Ithaca, Merrill, Pine River Township, St. Charles, St. Louis and Vestaburg. Firstbank – Alma Mortgage Company, a subsidiary of the bank, was established in 2001. Firstbank (Mount Pleasant) is a Michigan state chartered bank which was incorporated in 1894. Its main office and one branch are located in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. Firstbank (Mount Pleasant) also has two full service branches in each of Union Township and Lakeview, and one full service branch located in each of the following communities near Mount Pleasant: Clare, Shepherd, Cadillac, Howard City, Morley, Remus, Canadian Lakes, and Winn. Firstbank Mortgage Company, a subsidiary of the bank, was established in 2001. Firstbank – West Branch is a Michigan state chartered bank which was incorporated in 1980. Its main office and two branches are located in West Branch, Michigan. Firstbank – West Branch also has one full service branch located in each of the following communities near West Branch: Fairview, Hale, Higgins Lake, Prescott, Rose City, St. Helen and West Branch Township. Firstbank – West Branch owns Firstbank - West Branch Mortgage Company (a subsidiary of the bank, established in 2001). Firstbank West Branch also owns 48% of First Investors Title, LLC which is a title insurance provider. Keystone Community Bank is a Michigan state chartered bank which was established in 1997 and acquired by us on October 1, 2005. Its main office and three branches are located in Kalamazoo with two additional branches in Portage and one branch in Paw Paw. Firstbank – West Michigan (formerly Ionia County National Bank of Ionia) is a Michigan state chartered bank which was established in 1934 and acquired by us on July 1, 2007. Its main office and two branches are located in Ionia, with two additional branches in Belding, and one branch each in Hastings, Lowell, Sunfield, and Woodland. As a bank holding company, we are a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries. Firstbank coordinates the financial resources of the consolidated enterprise through financial, operational and administrative systems and coordination of various policies and activities. Firstbank’s operating revenues and net income are derived primarily from its subsidiary banks through dividends and fees for services performed. Our principal executive offices are located at 311 Woodworth Avenue, Alma, Michigan 48801, and our telephone number at that address is (989) 463-3131. We maintain an Internet website at www.firstbankmi.com. We are not incorporating the information on our website into this prospectus, and neither this website nor the information on this website is included or incorporated in, or is a part of, this prospectus. 3 The Offering The following summary contains basic information about the Preferred Shares and the auction process and is not intended to be complete and does not contain all the information that is important to you. For a more complete understanding of the Preferred Shares and the auction process, you should read the sections of this prospectus entitled “Description of Preferred Shares” and “Auction Process”. Issuer Firstbank Corporation Preferred Shares Offered by Treasury 33,000 shares of our Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A The number of Preferred Shares to be sold will depend on the number of bids received in the auction described below and whether Treasury decides to sell any Preferred Shares in the auction process. See the section entitled “Auction Process” in this prospectus. Liquidation Preference If we liquidate, dissolve or wind up (collectively, a “liquidation”), holders of the Preferred Shares will have the right to receive $1,000 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (including dividends accrued on any unpaid dividends) to, but not including, the date of payment, before any payments are made to holders of our common stock or any other capital stock that ranks, by its terms, junior as to rights upon liquidation to the Preferred Shares. Dividends Dividends on the Preferred Shares are payable quarterly in arrears on each February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15. The initial dividend rate is 5% per annum for the first five years, and will increase to 9% per annum on and after February 15, 2014 for the Series A Preferred Shares if not otherwise redeemed earlier for cash by us. Holders of Preferred Shares sold by Treasury in the auction, if any, that are record holders on the record date for the ___________, 2012 dividend payment date will be entitled to any declared dividends payable on such date. Maturity The Preferred Shares have no maturity date. Rank The Preferred Shares rank (i) senior to common stock or any other capital stock that ranks, by its terms, junior as to dividend rights and/or rights upon liquidation to the Preferred Shares (collectively, the “Junior Stock”), (ii) equally with any shares of our capital stock whose terms do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior or junior to the Preferred Shares as to dividend rights and/or rights upon liquidation (collectively, the “Parity Stock”) and (iii) junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness and any future senior securities, in each case as to dividend rights and/or rights upon liquidation. Priority of Dividends So long as any of the Preferred Shares remain outstanding, we may not declare or pay a dividend or other distribution on our common stock or any other shares of Junior Stock (other than dividends payable solely in common stock) or Parity Stock (other than dividends paid on a pro rata basis with the Preferred Shares), and we generally may not directly or indirectly purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of common stock, Junior Stock or Parity Stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Preferred Shares for all past dividend periods are paid in full. Redemption We may redeem the Preferred Shares, at any time, in whole or in part, at our option, subject to prior approval by the appropriate federal banking agency, for a redemption price equal to 100% of the liquidation preference amount per Preferred Share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (including dividends accrued on any unpaid dividends) to but excluding the date of redemption. We have not applied for such regulatory approval but may seek to redeem some or all of the Preferred Shares at any time if we deem such redemption to be in our interest. 4 Voting Rights Holders of the Preferred Shares generally have no voting rights. However, if we do not pay dividends on the Preferred Shares for six or more quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the holders of the Preferred Shares, voting as a single class together with the holders of any other Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors to serve on our Board of Directors until all accrued and unpaid dividends (including dividends accrued on any unpaid dividends) on the Preferred Shares are paid in full; provided, that no person may be elected as a preferred director who would cause the Company to violate any corporate governance requirements of any securities exchange or other trading facility on which its securities may then be listed or traded. We have deferred dividend payments for the last four quarters and need regulatory approval in order to make dividend payments in the future. If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval to make dividend payments in the next two quarters, then the holders of the Preferred Shares will be entitled to vote for two additional directors to serve on our Board of Directors. In addition, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding Preferred Shares is required for us to authorize, create or increase the authorized number of shares of our capital stock ranking, as to dividends or amounts payable upon liquidation, senior to the Preferred Shares, to amend, alter or repeal any provision of our Articles of Incorporation in a manner that adversely affects the rights of the holders of the Preferred Shares or to consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification of the Preferred Shares or a merger or consolidation of us with another entity unless (x) the Preferred Shares remain outstanding or are converted into or exchanged for preference shares of the surviving entity or its ultimate parent and (y) the Preferred Shares remain outstanding or such preference shares have such terms that are not materially less favorable, taken as a whole, than the rights of the Preferred Shares immediately prior to such transaction, taken as a whole. Auction Process The public offering price and the allocation of the Preferred Shares in this offering will be determined through an auction process conducted by the sole book-running manager in this offering, in its capacity as the auction agent. The auction process will entail a modified “Dutch auction” mechanic in which bids may be submitted through the auction agent or one of the other brokers that is a member of the broker network, which are collectively referred to in this prospectus as the “network brokers,” established in connection with the auction process. Each broker will make suitability determinations with respect to its own customers wishing to participate in the auction process. The auction agent will not provide bidders with any information about the bids of other bidders or auction trends, or with advice regarding bidding strategies, in connection with the auction process. We encourage you to discuss any questions regarding the bidding process and suitability determinations applicable to your bids with your broker. For more information about the auction process, see “Auction Process” in this prospectus. Minimum Bid Size and Price Increments This offering is being conducted using an auction process in which prospective purchasers are required to bid for the Preferred Shares. During the auction period, bids may be placed for Preferred Shares at any price (such bid price to be in increments of $0.01), with a minimum bid size of one Preferred Share. See "Auction Process" in this prospectus. Bid Submission Deadline The auction will commence at 8:30 a.m., New York City time, on the date specified by the auction agent in a press release issued prior to the opening of the equity markets on such day, and will close at 6:30 p.m., New York City time, on the second business day immediately thereafter which is referred to as the “submission deadline.” Irrevocability of Bids Bids that have not been modified or withdrawn by the time of the submission deadline are final and irrevocable, and bidders who submit bids that are accepted by Treasury will be obligated to purchase the Preferred Shares allocated to them. The auction agent is under no obligation to reconfirm bids for any reason, except as may be required by applicable securities laws; however, the auction agent, in its sole discretion, may require that bidders confirm their bids before the auction process closes. See “Auction Process” in this prospectus. 5 Clearing Price The price at which the Preferred Shares will be sold to the public will be the clearing price set by the auction process, plus accrued dividends thereon. The clearing price will be determined based on the number of valid, irrevocable bids at the time of the submission deadline that Treasury decides, in its sole discretion, to accept. The clearing price will be equal to the highest price in the auction for which the quantity of all bids at or above such price equals the number of Preferred Shares that Treasury has elected to sell. Unless Treasury decides not to sell any Preferred Shares or as otherwise described below, the Preferred Shares will be sold to bidders at the clearing price, plus accrued dividends. Even if bids are received for all or more of the offered Preferred Shares, Treasury may decide not to sell any Preferred Shares in the auction process, or may sell less than all of the offered Preferred Shares. If Treasury decides to sell Preferred Shares in the auction, after Treasury confirms its acceptance of the clearing price and the number of Preferred Shares to be sold, the auction agent and each network broker that has submitted a successful bid will notify successful bidders that the auction has closed and that their bids have been accepted by Treasury (subject, in some cases, to pro-ration, as described below). The clearing price and number of Preferred Shares to be sold are also expected to be announced by press release on the business day following the end of the auction. See "Auction Process" in this prospectus. Number of Preferred Shares to be Sold Even if bids are received for all or more of the offered Preferred Shares, Treasury may decide not to sell any Preferred Shares or may decide only to sell a portion of the Preferred Shares in the auction process, regardless of the clearing price. If Treasury elects to sell any Preferred Shares in the auction, Treasury must sell those shares (which may only represent a portion of the offered Preferred Shares) at the clearing price. In no event will Treasury sell more Preferred Shares than the number of Preferred Shares for which there are bids. See “Auction Process” in this prospectus. Allocation; Pro-Ration If Treasury elects to sell Preferred Shares in the offering, than any accepted bids submitted in the auction above the clearing price will receive allocations in full, while any accepted bids submitted at the clearing price may experience pro-rata allocation. See "Auction Process" in this prospectus. Use of Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any Preferred Shares sold by Treasury. See “Use of Proceeds.” Listing The Preferred Shares will not be listed for trading on any stock exchange nor will they be available for quotation on any national quotation system. Risk Factors See “Risk Factors” and other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before making a decision to invest in the Preferred Shares. Auction Agent Network Brokers See page 32 of this prospectus for a list of brokers participating as network brokers in the auction process. 6 Securities Being Offered On January 30, 2009, pursuant to the Troubled Asset Relief Program Capital Purchase Program of Treasury, we sold to Treasury 33,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, liquidation preference amount $1,000 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $33.0 million, and concurrently issued to Treasury the ten-year Warrant to purchase up to 578,947 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $8.55 per share. The issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrant were completed in a private placement to Treasury exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. Under the terms of the related Purchase Agreement between us and Treasury, Treasury may require us to register for resale the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Warrant and the shares of our common stock underlying the Warrant. This registration includes depositary shares, representing fractional interests in the Series A Preferred Stock, which may be resold pursuant to this prospectus in lieu of whole shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the event Treasury requests that we deposit the Series A Preferred Stock held by Treasury with a depositary under a depositary arrangement entered into in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. See “Description of Depositary Shares.” The terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Warrant and our common stock are described under “Description of Series A Preferred Stock,” “Description of Warrant,” and “Description of Common Stock.” RISK FACTORS Before you invest in our securities, in addition to the risk factors set forth below and other information, documents or reports included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and, if applicable, any prospectus supplement or other offering materials, you should carefully consider the risk factors in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in any prospectus supplement, as well as our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in any of our subsequent reports that we have incorporated by reference into this prospectus and any prospectus supplement in their entirety, as the same may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC and incorporate by reference in the future. Each of the risks described in these sections and documents could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and could result in a partial or complete loss of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Because of our participation in Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program, we are subject to several restrictions including restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends and repurchase our shares as well as restrictions on our executive compensation. On January 30, 2009, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to Treasury for aggregate consideration of $33,000,000 (i) 33,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, no par value per share and liquidation preference $1,000 per share and (ii) the Warrant to purchase 578,947 shares of the Company’s common stock, no par value per share. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, our ability to declare or pay dividends on any of our shares is limited. Specifically, we are unable to declare dividend payments on common, junior preferred or pari passu preferred shares if we are in arrears on the dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock. Further, without Treasury approval, we are not permitted to increase dividends on our common stock above the amount of the last quarterly cash dividend per share declared prior to January 30, 2009 without Treasury’s approval until the third anniversary of the investment unless all of the Series A Preferred Stock has been redeemed or transferred by Treasury. In addition, our ability to repurchase our shares is restricted. Treasury consent generally is required for us to make any stock repurchase until the third anniversary of the investment by Treasury unless all of the Series A Preferred Stock has been redeemed or transferred by Treasury to a third party. Further, common, junior preferred or pari passu preferred shares may not be repurchased if we are in arrears on the Series A Preferred Stock dividends. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we adopted Treasury’s standards for executive compensation and corporate governance for the period during which Treasury holds the equity issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, including the common stock which may be issued pursuant to the Warrant. These standards generally apply to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the three next most highly compensated senior executive officers. The standards include (1) ensuring that incentive compensation for senior executives does not encourage unnecessary and excessive risks that threaten the value of the financial institution; (2) required clawback of any bonus or incentive compensation paid to a senior executive based on statements of earnings, gains or other criteria that are later proven to be materially inaccurate; (3) prohibition on making golden parachute payments to senior executives; and (4) agreement not to deduct for tax purposes executive compensation in excess of $500,000 for each senior executive. In particular, the change to the deductibility limit on executive compensation may increase the overall cost of our compensation programs in future periods. Since the Warrant has a ten year term, we could potentially be subject to the executive compensation and corporate governance restrictions for a ten year time period. 7 Risks Related to the Series A Preferred Stock Risk Factors Related to an Investment in the Preferred Shares The Preferred Shares are equity and are subordinated to all of our existing and future indebtedness; we are highly dependent on dividends and other amounts from our subsidiaries in order to pay dividends on, and redeem at our option, the Preferred Shares, which are subject to various prohibitions and other restrictions; and the Preferred Shares place no limitations on the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur in the future. The Preferred Shares are equity interests in the Company and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, the Preferred Shares, like our common stock, rank junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other non-equity claims on the Company with respect to assets available to satisfy claims on the Company, including in a liquidation of the Company. Additionally, unlike indebtedness, where principal and interest would customarily be payable on specified due dates, in the case of perpetual preferred stock like the Preferred Shares, there is no stated maturity date (although the Preferred Shares are subject to redemption at our option) and dividends are payable only if, when and as authorized and declared by our board of directors and depend on, among other matters, our historical and projected results of operations, liquidity, cash flows, capital levels, financial condition, debt service requirements and other cash needs, financing covenants, applicable state law, federal and state regulatory prohibitions and other restrictions and any other factors our board of directors deems relevant at the time. The Preferred Shares are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any depository institution and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. Furthermore, the Company is a legal entity that is separate and distinct from its subsidiaries, and its subsidiaries have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to make any payments in respect of the Preferred Shares or to make funds available therefor. Because the Company is a holding company that maintains only limited cash at that level, its ability to pay dividends on, and redeem at its option, the Preferred Shares will be highly dependent upon the receipt of dividends, fees and other amounts from its subsidiaries, which, in turn, will be highly dependent upon the historical and projected results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition of its subsidiaries. In addition, the right of the Company to participate in any distribution of assets of any of its subsidiaries upon their respective liquidation or reorganization will be subject to the prior claims of the creditors (including any depositors) and preferred equity holders of the applicable subsidiary, except to the extent that the Company is a creditor, and is recognized as a creditor, of such subsidiary. Accordingly, the holders of the Preferred Shares will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future obligations and preferred equity of the Company’s subsidiaries. There are also various legal and regulatory prohibitions and other restrictions on the ability of the Company’s depository institution subsidiaries to pay dividends, extend credit or otherwise transfer funds to the Company or affiliates. Such dividend payments are subject to regulatory tests, generally based on current and retained earnings of such subsidiaries and other factors, and, as of December 31, 2011, are currently prohibited without regulatory approval. Dividend payments to the Company from its depository institution subsidiaries may also be prohibited if such payments would impair the capital of the applicable subsidiary and in certain other cases. In addition, regulatory rules limit the aggregate amount of a depository institution’s loans to, and investments in, any single affiliate in varying thresholds and may prevent the Company from borrowing from their depository institution subsidiaries and require any permitted borrowings to be collateralized. The Company also is subject to various legal and regulatory policies and requirements impacting the Company’s ability to pay dividends on, or redeem, the Preferred Shares. Under the Federal Reserve’s capital regulations, in order to ensure Tier 1 capital treatment for the Preferred Shares, the Company’s redemption of any of the Preferred Shares must be subject to prior regulatory approval. The Federal Reserve also may require the Company to consult with it prior to increasing dividends. In addition, as a matter of policy, the Federal Reserve may restrict or prohibit the payment of dividends if (i) the Company’s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the Company’s prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; (iii) the Company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital ratios; or (iv) the Federal Reserve otherwise determines that the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Recent and future regulatory developments may result in additional restrictions on the Company’s ability to pay dividends. 8 In addition, the terms of the Preferred Shares do not limit the amount of debt or other obligations we or our subsidiaries may incur in the future. Accordingly, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial amounts of additional debt and other obligations that will rank senior to the Preferred Shares or to which the Preferred Shares will be structurally subordinated. An active trading market for the Preferred Shares may not develop or be maintained. The Preferred Shares are not currently listed on any securities exchange or available for quotation on any national quotation system, and we do not anticipate listing the Preferred Shares. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Preferred Shares will develop or, if developed, will be maintained. If an active market is not developed and maintained, the market value and liquidity of the Preferred Shares may be materially and adversely affected. The Preferred Shares may be junior in rights and preferences to our future preferred stock. Subject to approval by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the Preferred Shares then outstanding, voting as a separate class, we may issue preferred stock in the future the terms of which are expressly senior to the Preferred Shares. The terms of any such future preferred stock expressly senior to the Preferred Shares may prohibit or otherwise restrict dividend payments on the Preferred Shares. For example, the terms of any such senior preferred stock may provide that, unless full dividends for all of our outstanding preferred stock senior to the Preferred Shares have been paid for the relevant periods, no dividends will be paid on the Preferred Shares, and no Preferred Shares may be repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired by us. In addition, in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the terms of any such senior preferred stock would likely prohibit us from making any payments on the Preferred Shares until all amounts due to holders of such senior preferred stock are paid in full. Holders of the Preferred Shares have limited voting rights. Unless and until we are in arrears on our dividend payments on the Preferred Shares for six quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the holders of the Preferred Shares will have no voting rights except with respect to certain fundamental changes in the terms of the Preferred Shares and certain other matters and except as may be required by applicable law. If dividends on the Preferred Shares are not paid in full for six quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, the total number of positions on the Company’s board of directors will automatically increase by two and the holders of the Preferred Shares, acting as a class with any other shares of our preferred stock with parity voting rights to the Preferred Shares, will have the right to elect two individuals to serve in the new director positions. This right and the terms of such directors will end when we have paid in full all accrued and unpaid dividends for all past dividend periods. See “Description of Preferred Shares—Voting Rights” in this prospectus supplement. We are subject to extensive regulation, and ownership of the Preferred Shares may have regulatory implications for holders thereof. We are subject to extensive federal and state banking laws, including the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”), and federal and state banking regulations, that impact the rights and obligations of owners of the Preferred Shares, including, for example, our ability to declare and pay dividends on, and to redeem, the Preferred Shares. Although the Company does not believe the Preferred Shares are considered “voting securities” currently, if they were to become voting securities for the purposes of the BHCA, whether because the Company has missed six dividend payments and holders of the Preferred Shares have the right to elect directors as a result, or for other reasons, a holder of 25% of more of the Preferred Shares, or a holder of a lesser percentage of our Preferred Shares that is deemed to exercise a “controlling influence” over us, may become subject to regulation under the BHCA. In addition, if the Preferred Shares become “voting securities”, then (a) any bank holding company or foreign bank that is subject to the BHCA may need approval to acquire or retain more than 5% of the then outstanding Preferred Shares, and (b) any holder (or group of holders acting in concert) may need regulatory approval to acquire or retain 10% or more of the Preferred Shares. A holder or group of holders may also be deemed to control us if they own one-third or more of our total equity, both voting and non-voting, aggregating all shares held by the investor across all classes of stock. Holders of the Preferred Shares should consult their own counsel with regard to regulatory implications. 9 If we redeem the Preferred Shares, you may be unable to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable investment at the same or greater rate of return. We have the right to redeem the Preferred Shares, in whole or in part, at our option at any time, subject to prior regulatory approval. If we choose to redeem the Preferred Shares in part, we have been informed by DTC that it is their current practice to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each direct participant (through which beneficial owners hold their interest) to be redeemed. If we choose to redeem the Preferred Shares, we are likely to do so if we are able to obtain a lower cost of capital. If prevailing interest rates are relatively low if or when we choose to redeem the Preferred Shares, you generally will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable investment at the same or greater rate of return. Furthermore, if we redeem the Preferred Shares in part, the liquidity of the outstanding Preferred Shares may be limited. If we do not redeem the Preferred Shares prior to February 15, 2014, the cost of this capital to us will increase substantially and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cash flows. We have the right to redeem the Preferred Shares, in whole or in part, at our option at any time. If we do not redeem the Preferred Shares prior to February 15, 2014, the cost of this capital to us will increase substantially on and after that date, with the dividend rate increasing from 5.0% per annum to 9.0% per annum, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and cash flows. See “Description of Preferred Shares—Redemption and Repurchases” in this prospectus supplement. Any redemption by us of the Preferred Shares would require prior regulatory approval from the Federal Reserve. We do not currently have regulatory approval to redeem the Preferred Shares at liquidation value, and have no present intention to redeem the Preferred Shares, although, in the future, we may seek such approval and, if such approval is obtained (as to which no assurance can be given), redeem the Preferred Shares for cash. Treasury is a federal agency and your ability to bring a claim against Treasury under the federal securities laws in connection with a purchase of Preferred Shares may be limited. The doctrine of sovereign immunity, as limited by the Federal Tort Claims Act (the “FTCA”), provides that claims may not be brought against the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof unless specifically permitted by act of Congress. The FTCA bars claims for fraud or misrepresentation. At least one federal court, in a case involving a federal agency, has held that the United States may assert its sovereign immunity to claims brought under the federal securities laws. In addition, Treasury and its officers, agents, and employees are exempt from liability for any violation or alleged violation of the anti-fraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act by virtue of Section 3(c) thereof. The underwriters are not claiming to be agents of Treasury in this offering. Accordingly, any attempt to assert such a claim against the officers, agents or employees of Treasury for a violation of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act resulting from an alleged material misstatement in or material omission from this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, the registration statement of which this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are a part or resulting from any other act or omission in connection with the offering of the Preferred Shares by Treasury would likely be barred. Risks Related to Our Common Stock We may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock, which may dilute the ownership and voting power of our shareholders and the book value of our common stock. We are currently authorized to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of common stock of which 7,893,298 shares are currently outstanding and up to 300,000 shares of preferred stock of which 33,000 shares are outstanding. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares and to establish the terms of any series of preferred stock. These authorized but unissued shares could be issued on terms or in circumstances that could dilute the interests of other stockholders. Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation could deter takeovers. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain certain provisions that make it more difficult to acquire control of us by means of a tender offer, open market purchase, a proxy fight or otherwise. As a result, our board of directors may decide not to pursue transactions that would otherwise be in your best interests as a holder of our common stock. See “Anti-takeover Effects of Certain Articles of Incorporation Provisions.” 10 There are restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. Although we have historically paid cash dividends, there is no assurance that we will continue to pay cash dividends. Future payment of cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board may deem relevant and will be subject to applicable federal and state laws that impose restrictions on our and our subsidiaries, including funds available from our subsidiaries to pay dividends. The Purchase Agreement between us and Treasury limits our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our common stock. We are unable to pay any dividends on our common stock unless we are current in our dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock. These restrictions could have a negative effect on the value of our common stock. Moreover, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Although we have historically paid cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our board of directors could reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. The Series A Preferred Stock reduces the net income available to our common stockholders and earnings per common share, and the Warrant we issued to Treasury may be dilutive to holders of our common stock. The dividends declared and the accretion on discount on the Series A Preferred Stock will reduce the net income available to common stockholders and our earnings per common share. The Series A Preferred Stock will also receive preferential treatment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Firstbank Corporation. Additionally, the ownership interest of the existing holders of our common stock will be diluted to the extent the Warrant we issued to Treasury in conjunction with the sale to Treasury of the Series A Preferred Stock is exercised. The shares of common stock underlying the Warrant represent approximately 6.8% of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2011 (including the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant in total shares outstanding). Although Treasury has agreed not to vote any of the shares of common stock it receives upon exercise of the Warrant, a transferee of any portion of the Warrant or of any shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the Warrant is not bound by this restriction. Risks Related to the Auction Process The price of the Preferred Shares could decline rapidly and significantly following this offering. The public offering price of the Preferred Shares, which will be the clearing price, plus accrued dividends thereon, will be determined through an auction process conducted by Treasury and the auction agent. Prior to this offering there has been no public market for the Preferred Shares, and the public offering price may bear no relation to market demand for the Preferred Shares once trading begins. We have been informed by both Treasury and , as the auction agent, that they believe that the bidding process will reveal a clearing price for the Preferred Shares offered in the auction process. If there is little or no demand for the Preferred Shares at or above the public offering price once trading begins, the price of the Preferred Shares would likely decline following this offering. Limited or less-than-expected liquidity in the Preferred Shares, including decreased liquidity due to a sale of less than all of the offered Preferred Shares, could also cause the trading price of the Preferred Shares to decline. In addition, the auction process may lead to more volatility in, or a decline in, the trading price of the Preferred Shares after the initial sales of the Preferred Shares in this offering. If your objective is to make a short-term profit by selling the Preferred Shares you purchase in the offering shortly after trading begins, you should not submit a bid in the auction. 11 The auction process for this offering may result in a phenomenon known as the “winner's curse,” and, as a result, investors may experience significant losses. The auction process for this offering may result in a phenomenon known as the “winner's curse.” At the conclusion of the auction process, successful bidders that receive allocations of Preferred Shares in this offering may infer that there is little incremental demand for the Preferred Shares above or equal to the public offering price. As a result, successful bidders may conclude that they paid too much for the Preferred Shares and could seek to immediately sell their Preferred Shares to limit their losses should the price of the Preferred Shares decline in trading after the auction process is completed. In this situation, other investors that did not submit bids that are accepted by Treasury may wait for this selling to be completed, resulting in reduced demand for the Preferred Shares in the public market and a significant decline in the price of the Preferred Shares. Therefore, we caution investors that submitting successful bids and receiving allocations may be followed by a significant decline in the value of their investment in the Preferred Shares shortly after this offering. The auction process for this offering may result in a situation in which less price sensitive investors play a larger role in the determination of the public offering price and constitute a larger portion of the investors in this offering, and, as a result, the public offering price may not be sustainable once the Preferred Shares are sold in the offering. In a typical public offering of securities, a majority of the securities sold to the public are purchased by professional investors that have significant experience in determining valuations for companies in connection with such offerings. These professional investors typically have access to, or conduct their own, independent research and analysis regarding investments in such offerings. Other investors typically have less access to this level of research and analysis, and as a result, may be less sensitive to price when participating in the auction. Because of the auction process used in this auction, these less price sensitive investors may have a greater influence in setting the public offering price (because a larger number of higher bids may cause the clearing price in the auction to be higher than it would otherwise have been absent such bids) and may have a higher level of participation in this offering than is normal for other public offerings. This, in turn, could cause the auction process to result in a public offering price that is higher than the price professional investors are willing to pay for the Preferred Shares. As a result, the price of the Preferred Shares may decrease once trading of the Preferred Shares begins. Also, because professional investors may have a substantial degree of influence on the trading price of the Preferred Shares over time, the price of the Preferred Shares may decline and not recover after this offering. Furthermore, if the public offering price of the Preferred Shares is above the level that investors determine is reasonable for the Preferred Shares, some investors may attempt to short sell the Preferred Shares after trading begins, which would create additional downward pressure on the trading price of the Preferred Shares. The clearing price for the Preferred Shares may bear little or no relationship to the price for the Preferred Shares that would be established using traditional valuation methods, and, as a result, the trading price of the Preferred Shares may decline significantly following the issuance of the Preferred Shares. The public offering price of the Preferred Shares will be equal to the clearing price, plus accrued dividends thereon. The clearing price of the Preferred Shares may have little or no relationship to, and may be significantly higher than, the price for the Preferred Shares that otherwise would be established using traditional indicators of value, such as our future prospects and those of our industry in general; our revenues, earnings, and other financial and operating information; multiples of revenue, earnings, capital levels, cash flows, and other operating metrics; market prices of securities and other financial and operating information of companies engaged in activities similar to us; and the views of research analysts. The trading price of the Preferred Shares may vary significantly from the public offering price. Potential investors should not submit a bid in the auction for this offering unless they are willing to take the risk that the price of the Preferred Shares could decline significantly. Successful bidders may receive the full number of Preferred Shares subject to their bids, so potential investors should not make bids for more Preferred Shares than they are prepared to purchase. Each bidder may submit multiple bids. However, as bids are independent, each bid may result in an allocation of Preferred Shares. Allocation of the Preferred Shares will be determined by, first, allocating Preferred Shares to any bids made above the clearing price, and second, allocating Preferred Shares on a pro-rata basis among bids made at the clearing price. If Treasury elects to sell Preferred Shares in the offering, the bids of successful bidders that are above the clearing price will be allocated all of the Preferred Shares represented by such bids, and only accepted bids submitted at the clearing price will experience pro-rata allocation, if any. Bids that have not been modified or withdrawn by the time of the submission deadline are final and irrevocable, and bidders who submit bids that are accepted by Treasury will be obligated to purchase the Preferred Shares allocated to them. Accordingly, the sum of a bidder's bid sizes as of the submission deadline should be no more than the total number of Preferred Shares the bidder is willing to purchase, and investors are cautioned against submitting a bid that does not accurately represent the number of Preferred Shares that they are willing and prepared to purchase. 12 Submitting a bid does not guarantee an allocation of Preferred Shares, even if a bidder submits a bid at or above the public offering price of the Preferred Shares. The auction agent, in its sole discretion, may require that bidders confirm their bids before the auction closes (although the auction agent is under no obligation to reconfirm bids for any reason, except as may be required by applicable securities laws). If a bidder is requested to confirm a bid and fails to do so within the permitted time period, that bid may be deemed to have been withdrawn and, accordingly, that bidder may not receive an allocation of Preferred Shares even if the bid is at or above the public offering price. The auction agent may, however, choose to accept any such bid even if it has not been reconfirmed. In addition, the auction agent may determine in some cases to impose size limits on the aggregate size of bids that they choose to accept from any bidder (including any network broker), and may reject any bid that they determine, in their discretion, has a potentially manipulative, disruptive or other adverse effect on the auction process or the offering. Furthermore, if Treasury elects to sell Preferred Shares in the offering, each accepted bid submitted above the clearing price will be allocated all of the Preferred Shares represented by such bid. However, any accepted bids submitted in the auction at the clearing price may experience pro-rata allocation. Treasury could also decide, in its sole discretion, not to sell any Preferred Shares in this offering after the clearing price has been determined. As a result of these factors, you may not receive an allocation for all the Preferred Shares for which you submit a bid. We cannot assure you that the auction will be successful or that the full number of offered Preferred Shares will be sold. If sufficient bids are received and accepted by the auction agent to enable Treasury to sell the offered Preferred Shares in this offering, the public offering price will be set at the clearing price, plus accrued dividends thereon, unless Treasury decides, in its sole discretion, not to sell any Preferred Shares in this offering after the clearing price is determined. The clearing price will be determined based on the number of valid, irrevocable bids at the time of the submission deadline that Treasury decides, in its sole discretion, to accept. The clearing price will be equal to the highest price in the auction for which the quantity of all bids at or above such price equals the number of Preferred Shares that Treasury has elected to sell. Even if bids are received for all or more of the offered Preferred Shares, Treasury is not obligated to sell any Preferred Shares regardless of the clearing price set through the auction process. The liquidity of the Preferred Shares may be limited if less than all of the offered Preferred Shares are sold by Treasury. Possible future sales of Treasury's remaining Preferred Shares, if any are held following this offering, could affect the trading price of the Preferred Shares sold in this offering. Submitting bids through a network broker or any other broker that is not an auction agent may in some circumstances shorten deadlines for potential investors to submit, modify or withdraw their bids. In order to participate in the auction, bidders must have an account with, and submit bids to purchase Preferred Shares through, either an auction agent or a network broker. Brokers that are not network brokers will need to submit their bids, either for their own account or on behalf of their customers, through an auction agent or a network broker. Potential investors and brokers that wish to submit bids in the auction and do not have an account with an auction agent or a network broker must either establish such an account prior to bidding in the auction or cause a broker that has such an account to submit a bid through that account. Network brokers and other brokers will impose earlier submission deadlines than those imposed by the auction agent in order to have sufficient time to aggregate bids received from their respective customers and to transmit the aggregate bid to an auction agent (or, in the case of non-network brokers submitting bids through a network broker, to such network broker to transmit to the auction agent) before the auction closes. As a result of such earlier submission deadlines, potential investors who submit bids through a network broker, or brokers that submit bids through an auction agent or a network broker, will need to submit or withdraw their bids earlier than other bidders, and it may in some circumstances be more difficult for such bids to be submitted, modified or withdrawn. 13 RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES AND PREFERENCE DIVIDENDS Our consolidated ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preference dividends for each of the periods indicated is as follows: Years Ended December 31 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends: Excluding interest on deposits 1.48x 1.23x 1.13x 0.99x 1.30x Including interest on deposits 2.63x 1.69x 1.40x 0.97x 2.18x For the purpose of computing the ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges and preference dividends, earnings consist of consolidated income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes, minority interest and fixed charges, and combined fixed charges and preference dividends consist of interest expense, amortization of debt issuance costs, dividends on preferred stock, and the portion of rental expense deemed to represent interest. Fixed charges exclude interest on uncertain tax positions which is classified with the provision for income taxes in the consolidated financial statements. USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from any sale of the securities by the selling securityholders. 14 DESCRIPTION OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK This section summarizes specific terms and provisions of the Preferred Shares. The description of the Preferred Shares contained in this section is qualified in its entirety by the actual terms of the Preferred Shares, as are stated in the certificate of designation of the Preferred Shares to the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, a copy of which was attached as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009 and incorporated by reference into this prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference” in this prospectus supplement. General The Preferred Shares constitutes a series of our perpetual, cumulative, preferred stock, consisting of 33,000 shares, no par value per share, having a liquidation preference amount of $1,000 per share. The Preferred Shares have no maturity date. We issued the Preferred Shares to Treasury on January 30, 2009 in connection with the CPP for an aggregate purchase price of $33 million in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Preferred Shares qualify as Tier 1 capital for regulatory purposes. Dividends Rate. Dividends on the Preferred Shares are payable quarterly in arrears, when, as and if authorized and declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds, on a cumulative basis on the $1,000 per share liquidation preference amount plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends for any prior dividend periods, at a rate of (i) 5% per annum, from the original issuance date to but excluding the first day of the first dividend period commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date (i.e., 5% per annum from January 30, 2009 to but excluding February 15, 2014), and (ii) 9% per annum, from and after the first day of the first dividend period commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date (i.e., 9% per annum on and after February 15, 2014). Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year. Each dividend will be payable to holders of record as they appear on our stock register on the applicable record date, which will be the 15th calendar day immediately preceding the related dividend payment date (whether or not a business day), or such other record date determined by our board of directors that is not more than 60 nor less than ten days prior to the related dividend payment date. Each period from and including a dividend payment date (or the date of the issuance of the Preferred Shares) to but excluding the following dividend payment date is referred to as a “dividend period.” Dividends payable for each dividend period are computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If a scheduled dividend payment date falls on a day that is not a business day, the dividend will be paid on the next business day as if it were paid on the scheduled dividend payment date, and no interest or other additional amount will accrue on the dividend. The term “business day” means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York generally are authorized or required by law or other governmental actions to close. Dividends on the Preferred Shares are cumulative. If for any reason our board of directors does not declare a dividend on the Preferred Shares for a particular dividend period, or if the board of directors declares less than a full dividend, we will remain obligated to pay the unpaid portion of the dividend for that period and the unpaid dividend will compound on each subsequent dividend date (meaning that dividends for future dividend periods will accrue on any unpaid dividend amounts for prior dividend periods). We are not obligated to pay holders of the Preferred Shares any dividend in excess of the dividends on the Preferred Shares that are payable as described above. There is no sinking fund with respect to dividends on the Preferred Shares. Priority of Dividends. So long as the Preferred Shares remain outstanding, we may not declare or pay a dividend or other distribution on our common stock or any other shares of Junior Stock (other than dividends payable solely in common stock) or Parity Stock (other than dividends paid on a pro rata basis with the Preferred Shares), and we generally may not directly or indirectly purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of common stock, Junior Stock or Parity Stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Preferred Shares for all past dividend periods are paid in full. “Junior Stock” means our common stock and any other class or series of our stock the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks junior to the Preferred Shares as to dividend rights and/or as to rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. We currently have no outstanding class or series of stock constituting Junior Stock other than our common stock. 15 “Parity Stock” means any class or series of our stock, other than the Preferred Shares, the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior or junior to the Preferred Shares as to dividend rights and/or as to rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, in each case without regard to whether dividends accrue cumulatively or non-cumulatively. We currently have no outstanding class or series of stock constituting Parity Stock. Liquidation Rights In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, holders of the Preferred Shares will be entitled to receive for each Preferred Share, out of the assets of the Company or proceeds available for distribution to our shareholders, subject to any rights of our creditors, before any distribution of assets or proceeds is made to or set aside for the holders of our common stock and any other class or series of our stock ranking junior to the Preferred Shares, payment of an amount equal to the sum of (i) the $1,000 liquidation preference amount per Preferred Share and (ii) the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends on the Preferred Shares (including dividends accrued on any unpaid dividends). To the extent the assets or proceeds available for distribution to shareholders are not sufficient to fully pay the liquidation payments owing to the holders of the Preferred Shares and the holders of any other class or series of our stock ranking equally with the Preferred Shares, the holders of the Preferred Shares and such other stock will share ratably in the distribution. For purposes of the liquidation rights of the Preferred Shares, neither a merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Preferred Shares receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, nor a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets will constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company. Redemptions and Repurchases We may redeem the Preferred Shares, at any time, in whole or in part, at our option, subject to prior approval by the appropriate federal banking agency, for a redemption price equal to 100% of the liquidation preference amount per Preferred Share plus any accrued and unpaid dividends to but excluding the date of redemption (including dividends accrued on any unpaid dividends), provided that any declared but unpaid dividend payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the record date for the dividend will be payable to the holder of record of the redeemed Preferred Shares on the dividend record date. To exercise the redemption right described above, we must give notice of the redemption to the holders of record of the Preferred Shares by first class mail, not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date of redemption. Each notice of redemption given to a holder of Preferred Shares must state: (i) the redemption date; (ii) the number of Preferred Shares to be redeemed and, if less than all the Preferred Shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Preferred Shares to be redeemed from such holder; (iii) the redemption price; and (iv) the place or places where certificates for such Preferred Shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price. In the case of a partial redemption of the Preferred Shares, the Preferred Shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as our board of directors determines to be fair and equitable. The Securities Purchase Agreement between us and Treasury provides that so long as Treasury continues to own any Preferred Shares, we may not repurchase any Preferred Shares from any other holder of such Preferred Shares unless we offer to repurchase a ratable portion of the Preferred Shares then held by Treasury on the same terms and conditions. Preferred Shares that we redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire will revert to authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, which may then be reissued by us as any series of preferred stock other than the Preferred Shares. 16 No Conversion Rights Holders of the Preferred Shares have no right to exchange or convert their shares into common stock or any other securities. Voting Rights The holders of the Preferred Shares do not have voting rights other than those described below, except to the extent specifically required by Michigan law. Whenever dividends have not been paid on the Preferred Shares for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the authorized number of directors of the Company will automatically increase by two and the holders of the Preferred Shares will have the right, with the holders of shares of any other classes or series of Voting Parity Stock (as defined below) outstanding at the time, voting together as a class, to elect two directors (the “Preferred Directors”) to fill such newly created directorships at our next annual meeting of shareholders (or at a special meeting called for that purpose prior to the next annual meeting) and at each subsequent annual meeting of shareholders until all accrued and unpaid dividends (including dividends accumulated on any unpaid dividends) for all past dividend periods on all outstanding Preferred Shares have been paid in full at which time this right will terminate with respect to the Preferred Shares, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent default by the Company in the payment of dividends on the Preferred Shares. No person may be elected as a Preferred Director who would cause the Company to violate any corporate governance requirements of any securities exchange or other trading facility on which its securities may then be listed or traded. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of the Preferred Shares and Voting Parity Stock as a class to vote for directors as described above, the Preferred Directors will cease to be qualified as directors, the terms of office of all Preferred Directors then in office will terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors will be reduced by the number of Preferred Directors which had been elected by the holders of the Preferred Shares and the Voting Parity Stock. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, and any vacancy created by such a removal may be filled, only by the affirmative vote of the holders a majority of the outstanding Preferred Shares voting separately as a class, together with the holders of shares of Voting Parity Stock, to the extent the voting rights of such holders described above are then exercisable. If the office of any Preferred Director becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office, the remaining Preferred Director may choose a successor who will hold office for the unexpired term of the office in which the vacancy occurred. The term “Voting Parity Stock” means with regard to any matter as to which the holders of the Preferred Shares are entitled to vote, any series of Parity Stock (as defined under “—Dividends-Priority of Dividends” above) upon which voting rights similar to those of the Preferred Shares have been conferred and are exercisable with respect to such matter. We currently have no outstanding shares of Voting Parity Stock. Although the Company does not believe the Preferred Shares are considered “voting securities” currently, if they were to become voting securities for the purposes of the BHCA, whether because the Company has missed six dividend payments and holders of the Preferred Shares have the right to elect directors as a result, or for other reasons, a holder of 25% of more of the Preferred Shares, or a holder of a lesser percentage of our Preferred Shares that is deemed to exercise a “controlling influence” over us, may become subject to regulation under the BHCA. In addition, if the Preferred Shares become “voting securities”, then (a) any bank holding company or foreign bank that is subject to the BHCA may need approval to acquire or retain more than 5% of the then outstanding Preferred Shares ,and (b) any holder (or group of holders acting in concert) may need regulatory approval to acquire or retain 10% or more of the Preferred Shares. A holder or group of holders may also be deemed to control us if they own one-third or more of our total equity, both voting and non-voting, aggregating all shares held by the investor across all classes of stock. Holders of the Preferred Shares should consult their own counsel with regard to regulatory implications. In addition, the BHCA and federal banking regulations require prior Federal Reserve approval before an investor acquires control of a bank holding company. A holder or group of holders will be deemed to control the Company if it owns or controls 25% or more of a class of outstanding shares of our “voting stock,” controls in any manner the election of a majority of our board of directors, or otherwise exercises a “controlling influence” over us. A holder or group of holders may also be deemed to control the Company if they own one-third or more of its total equity, both voting and non-voting, aggregating all shares held by the investor across all classes of stock. Any holder that controls the Company and is a “company” under the BHCA may be subject to ongoing regulation and supervision as a bank holding company in accordance with the BHCA. 17 In addition to any other vote or consent required by Michigan law or by our Certificate of Incorporation, the vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding Preferred Shares, voting as a separate class, is required in order to do the following: · amend or alter our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Preferred Shares to authorize or create or increase the authorized amount of, or any issuance of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of, any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Preferred Shares with respect to either or both the payment of dividends and/or the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company; or · amend, alter or repeal any provision of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Preferred Shares in a manner that adversely affects the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Preferred Shares; or · consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Preferred Shares or a merger or consolidation of the Company with another entity, unless (i) the Preferred Shares remain outstanding or, in the case of a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) the Preferred Shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, have such rights, preferences, privileges, voting powers, limitations and restrictions, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable than the rights, preferences, privileges, voting powers, limitations and restrictions of the Preferred Shares immediately prior to consummation of the transaction, taken as a whole; provided, however , that (1) any increase in the amount of our authorized shares of preferred stock, including authorized Preferred Shares necessary to satisfy preemptive or similar rights granted by us to other persons prior to January 30, 2009, and (2) the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of any other series of preferred stock, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any other series of preferred stock, ranking equally with and/or junior to the Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends, whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Preferred Shares and will not require the vote or consent of the holders of the Preferred Shares. To the extent holders of the Preferred Shares are entitled to vote, holders of Preferred Shares will be entitled to one vote for each Preferred Share then held. The voting provisions described above will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the vote or consent of the holders of the Preferred Shares would otherwise be required, all outstanding Preferred Shares have been redeemed by the Company or called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds have been set aside by the Company for the benefit of the holders of Preferred Shares to effect the redemption. DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement between us and Treasury, we have agreed, if requested by Treasury, to enter into a depositary arrangement pursuant to which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be deposited and depositary shares, each representing a fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock as specified by Treasury, may be issued. The Shares of Series A Preferred Stock would be held by a depositary (expected to be a bank or trust company) reasonably acceptable to Treasury. If we enter into such a depositary arrangement, the selling securityholders would be offering depositary shares, each representing a fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, instead of actual whole shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The actual terms of any such depositary arrangement would be set forth in a deposit agreement to which we would be a party, which would be attached as an exhibit to a filing by us that would be incorporated by reference into this prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” 18 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANT This section summarizes specific terms and provisions of the Warrant we issued to Treasury on January 30, 2009 concurrent with our sale to Treasury of 33,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the TARP Capital Purchase Program. The description of the Warrant contained in this section is qualified in its entirety by the actual terms of the Warrant, a copy of which was attached as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009 and incorporated by reference into this prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” General The Warrant gives the holder the right to initially purchase up to 578,947 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $8.55 per share. Subject to the limitations on exercise to which Treasury is subject described under “—Transferability,” the Warrant is immediately exercisable and expires on January 30, 2019. The exercise price may be paid (i) by having us withhold from the shares of common stock that would otherwise be issued to the warrant holder upon exercise, a number of shares of common stock having a market value equal to the aggregate exercise price or (ii) if both we and the warrant holder consent, in cash. Transferability The Warrant is not subject to any restrictions on transfer. Voting of Warrant Shares Treasury has agreed that it will not vote any of the shares of common stock that it acquires upon exercise of the Warrant. This does not apply to any other person who acquires any portion of the Warrant, or the shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, from Treasury. Other Adjustments The exercise price of the Warrant and the number of shares underlying the Warrant automatically adjust upon the following events: · any stock split, stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification or combination of our common stock; · any stock split, stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification or combination of our common stock; · a pro rata repurchase by us of our common stock; or · a determination by our board of directors to make an adjustment to the anti-dilution provisions as are reasonably necessary, in the good faith opinion of the board, to protect the purchase rights of the warrant holders. In addition, if we declare any dividends or distributions on our common stock other than our historical, ordinary cash dividends, dividends paid in our common stock and other dividends or distributions covered by the first bullet point above, the exercise price of the Warrant will be adjusted to reflect such distribution. In the event of any merger, consolidation, or other business combination to which we are a party, the Warrant holder’s right to receive shares of our common stock upon exercise of the Warrant will be converted into the right to exercise the Warrant to acquire the number of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) which the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant immediately prior to such business combination would have been entitled to receive upon consummation of the business combination. For purposes of the provision described in the preceding sentence, if the holders of our common stock have the right to elect the amount or type of consideration to be received by them in the business combination, then the consideration that the Warrant holder will be entitled to receive upon exercise will be the amount and type of consideration received by a majority of the holders of the common stock who affirmatively make an election. 19 No Rights as Stockholders The Warrant does not entitle its holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of Firstbank Corporation. DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK For purposes of this section, the terms “we,” “our” and “us” refer only to Firstbank Corporation and not its subsidiaries. The following description of shares of our common stock, no par value per share, or “common stock,” is a summary only and is subject to applicable provisions of the Michigan Business Corporation Act, as amended (the “Michigan Act”), and to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. You should refer to, and read this summary together with, our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws to review all of the terms of our common stock. General Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we may issue up to 20 million shares of common stock, no par value per share. As of December 31, 2011, 7,892,486 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “FBMI”. Voting Rights Each outstanding share of our common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of directors. The holders of our common stock possess exclusive voting power, except as otherwise provided by law or by articles of amendment establishing any series of our preferred stock, including the voting rights held by holders of our Series A Preferred Stock. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that the holders of a plurality of our outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election. When a quorum is present at any meeting, questions brought before the meeting will be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present and voting on such matter, whether in person or by proxy, except when the meeting concerns matters requiring the vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares under applicable Michigan law. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide certain anti-takeover provisions that require super-majority votes, which may limit shareholders’ rights to effect a change in control as described under the section below entitled ‘‘Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Articles of Incorporation Provisions.” Dividends, Liquidation and Other Rights Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, as and if approved by our board of directors from funds legally available for the payment of dividends, after payment of dividends on our outstanding series of preferred stock. Our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voluntarily or involuntarily, after payment of, or adequate provision for, all of our known debts and liabilities and of any preferences of Series A Preferred Stock or any other series of our preferred stock that may be outstanding in the future. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of any other series of our preferred stock that may then be outstanding. Holders of shares of our common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. Our board of directors may issue additional shares of our common stock or rights to purchase shares of our common stock without the approval of our shareholders. 20 Transfer Agent and Registrar Subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, our common stock may be transferred without any restrictions or limitations. The transfer agent and registrar for shares of our common stock is Registrar and Transfer Company. ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS OF CERTAIN ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION PROVISIONS Our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain certain provisions that make it more difficult to acquire control of us by means of a tender offer, open market purchase, a proxy fight or otherwise. These provisions are designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate with our directors. We believe that, as a general rule, the interests of our shareholders would be best served if any change in control results from negotiations with our directors. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide for a classified board, to which approximately one-third of our board of directors is elected each year at our annual meeting of shareholders. Accordingly, our directors serve three-year terms rather than one-year terms. The classification of our board of directors has the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board of directors. At least two annual meetings of shareholders, instead of one, will generally be required to effect a change in a majority of our board of directors. Such a delay may help ensure that our directors, if confronted by a holder attempting to force a proxy contest, a tender or exchange offer, or an extraordinary corporate transaction, would have sufficient time to review the proposal as well as any available alternatives to the proposal and to act in what they believe to be the best interests of our shareholders. The classification provisions apply to every election of directors, however, regardless of whether a change in the composition of our board of directors would be beneficial to us and our shareholders and whether or not a majority of our shareholders believe that such a change would be desirable. The classification of our board of directors could also have the effect of discouraging a third party from initiating a proxy contest, making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, even though such an attempt might be beneficial to us and our shareholders. The classification of our board of directors could thus increase the likelihood that incumbent directors will retain their positions. In addition, because the classification of our board of directors may discourage accumulations of large blocks of our stock by purchasers whose objective is to take control of us and remove a majority of our board of directors, the classification of our board of directors could tend to reduce the likelihood of fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that might result from accumulations of large blocks of our common stock for such a purpose. Accordingly, our shareholders could be deprived of certain opportunities to sell their shares at a higher market price than might otherwise be the case. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation require the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) not less than two-thirds of all the shares of our stock outstanding and entitled to vote, and (ii) a majority of the shares of our stock outstanding and entitled to vote that are not beneficially owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by a Related Person (as defined in our amended and restated articles of incorporation), to approve: (a) any sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, (b) any merger, consolidation or purchase and/or assumption of assets and/or liabilities, (c) any reclassification of securities, recapitalization or similar transaction, or (d) any acquisition by a person of 5% or more of our voting shares or securities convertible into our voting shares. Any business combination described above may be approved only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the our voting shares if such business combination is approved and recommended to the shareholders by (x) the affirmative vote of two-thirds of our board of directors, and (y) a majority of the Continuing Directors (as defined in our amended and restated articles of incorporation). Our amended and restated articles of incorporation also contain additional provisions that may make takeover attempts and other acquisitions of interests in us more difficult where the takeover attempt or other acquisition has not been approved by our board of directors. These provisions include: · A requirement that certain changes to our restated articles of incorporation relating to the structure of our board of directors and certain anti-takeover provisions be approved by supermajority vote [confirm] ; and 21 · A requirement that a shareholder wishing to submit proposals for a shareholder vote comply with certain procedures, including advanced notice requirements, in order for the proposal to be submitted to shareholders for their consideration. We believe that the power of our board of directors to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock without further action by our shareholders, unless required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded, will provide us with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs that might arise. Our board of directors could authorize and issue a class or series of stock that could, depending upon the terms of such class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of us that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or that our shareholders otherwise consider to be in their best interest. AUCTION PROCESS The following describes the auction process used to determine the public offering price of the Preferred Shares. That process differs from methods traditionally used in other underwritten public offerings. Treasury and the underwriters will determine the public offering price and the allocation of the Preferred Shares in this offering by an auction process conducted by the book-running manager, ___________, in its capacity as the “auction agent.” This auction process will involve a modified “Dutch auction” mechanic in which the auction agent (working with a number of other brokers) will receive and accept bids from bidders for the Preferred Shares. After the auction closes and those bids become irrevocable (which will occur automatically at the submission deadline to the extent such bids have not been modified or withdrawn at that time), the auction agent will determine the clearing price for the sale of the Preferred Shares offered hereby and, if Treasury chooses to proceed with the offering, the underwriters will allocate Preferred Shares to the winning bidders. The clearing price for the Preferred Shares may bear little or no relationship to the price that would be established using traditional valuation methods. You should carefully consider the risks described under “Risk Factors - Risk Factors Related to the Auction Process” beginning on page 11. Eligibility and Account Status In order to participate in the auction process, bidders must have an account with, and submit bids to purchase Preferred Shares through, either an auction agent or one of the network brokers. Brokers that are not network brokers will need to submit their bids, either for their own account or on behalf of their customers, through the auction agent or a network broker. If you wish to bid in the auction and do not have an account with an auction agent or a network broker, you will either need to establish such an account prior to bidding in the auction (which may be difficult to do before the submission deadline) or contact your existing broker and request that it submit a bid through an auction agent or a network broker. Network brokers and other brokers will have deadlines relating to the auction that are earlier than those imposed by the auction agent, as described below under “- The Auction Process - The Bidding Process.” Because the Preferred Shares are complex financial instruments for which there is no established trading market, the auction agent, each network broker and any other broker that submits bids through the auction agent or any network broker will be required to establish and enforce client suitability standards, including eligibility, account status and size, to evaluate whether an investment in the Preferred Shares is appropriate for any particular investor. Each of them will individually apply its own standards in making that determination, but in each case those standards will be implemented in accordance with the applicable requirements and guidelines of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”). If you do not meet the relevant suitability requirements of an auction agent or another broker, you will not be able to bid in the auction. Accounts at an auction agent or any other broker, including broker accounts, are also subject to the customary rules of those institutions. You should contact your brokerage firm to better understand how you may submit bids in the auction process. An auction agent or network brokers may require bidders (including any brokers that may be bidding on behalf of their customers) to submit additional information, such as tax identification numbers, a valid e-mail address and other contact information, and other information that may be required to establish or maintain an account. The auction agent and the network brokers, upon request, will provide certain information to you in connection with the offering, including this prospectus and forms used by such brokers, if any, to submit bids. Additionally, you should understand that: · before submitting a bid in the auction, you should read this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference, including all the risk factors; 22 · the clearing price will be determined based on the number of valid, irrevocable bids at the time of the submission deadline that Treasury decides, in its sole discretion, to accept. The clearing price will be equal to the highest price in the auction for which the quantity of all bids at or above such price equals the number of Preferred Shares that Treasury has elected to sell; · if there is little or no demand for the Preferred Shares at or above the clearing price once trading begins, the price of the Preferred Shares will decline; · the liquidity of any market for the Preferred Shares may be affected by the number of Preferred Shares that Treasury elects to sell in this offering, and the price of the Preferred Shares may decline if the Preferred Shares are illiquid; · the auction agent, in its sole discretion, have the right to reconfirm any bid by contacting the purported bidder directly and to impose size limits on the aggregate size of bids that it chooses to accept from any bidder, including network brokers (although the auction agent is under no obligation to reconfirm bids for any reason, except as may be required by applicable securities laws). If you are requested to reconfirm a bid and fail to do so in a timely manner, the auction agent may deem your bid to have been withdrawn, but alternatively may in its discretion choose to accept any such bid even if it has not been reconfirmed; · the auction agent may reject any bid that it determines, in its discretion, has a potentially manipulative, · disruptive or other adverse effect on the auction process or the offering; and · the auction agent will not provide bidders with any information about the bids of other bidders or auction trends, or with advice regarding bidding strategies, in connection with the auction process. None of the underwriters, Treasury or us have undertaken any efforts to qualify the Preferred Shares for sale in any jurisdiction outside the United States. Except to the limited extent that this offering will be open to certain non-U.S. investors under private placement exemptions in certain countries other than the United States, investors located outside the United States should not expect to be eligible to participate in this offering. Even if a bidder places a bid in the auction, it may not receive an allocation of the Preferred Shares in the offering for a number of reasons described below. You should consider all the information in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in determining whether to submit a bid, the number of Preferred Shares you seek to purchase and the price per share you are willing to pay. The following brokers have agreed to be network brokers for purposes of the auction process:__________. The network brokers will not share in any underwriting discounts or fees paid by us in connection with the offering of the Preferred Shares but may, subject to applicable FINRA and SEC rules and regulations, charge a separate commission to their own customers. The Auction Process The following describes how the auction agent will conduct the auction process: General · The auction will commence at 8:30 a.m., New York City time, on the date specified by the auction agent in a press release issued prior to the opening of the equity markets on such day, and will end at 6:30 p.m., New York City time, on the second business day immediately thereafter (the “submission deadline”). Unless you submit your bids through an auction agent, your broker will have an earlier deadline for accepting bids. If a malfunction, technical or mechanical problem, calamity, crisis or other similar event occurs that the auction agent believes may interfere with the auction process, the auction agent may (in consultation with Treasury) decide to extend the auction or cancel and reschedule the auction. The auction agent and the network brokers will advise bidders of any such decision to extend or cancel and reschedule the auction using e-mail, telephone or facsimile, and will attempt to make such notification prior to the time the auction is scheduled to close. If the auction process is extended such that it closes at a later time on the same business day, any bids previously submitted will continue to be valid unless amended or cancelled by the bidder, but if the auction is extended such that it closes on the following business day or later, or is cancelled, all bids will be cancelled at the time of such extension or cancellation. 23 · The auction agent and the network brokers will contact potential investors with information about the auction process and how to participate and will solicit bids from prospective investors via electronic message, telephone and facsimile. The minimum size of any bid is one Preferred Share. The Bidding Process · The auction agent and the network brokers will only accept bids in the auction process in increments of whole Preferred Shares; no fractional interests will be sold. · No maximum price or auction price range has been established in connection with the auction process, which means that there is no floor or ceiling on the price per share that you or any other bidder can bid in the auction. Each bid must specify a price (such bid price to be in increments of $0.01) or such bid will be rejected. · Once the auction begins, you may submit your bids either directly through an auction agent or through any network broker. Bids through the network brokers will be aggregated and submitted to the auction agent as single bids at each price increment by those brokers. Bids will only be accepted if they are made on an unconditional basis ( i.e. , no “all-or-none” bids will be accepted). · In connection with submitting a bid, you will be required to provide the following information: o the number of Preferred Shares that you are interested in purchasing (only in whole shares-no fractional interests); o the price per share you are willing to pay (such bid price to be in increments of $0.01); and o any additional information that may be required to enable an auction agent and/or network broker to identify you, confirm your eligibility and suitability for participating in this offering, and, if you submit a successful bid, consummate a sale of Preferred Shares to you. · You may submit multiple bids. Canceling one bid does not cancel any other bid. However, as bids are independent, each bid may result in an allocation of Preferred Shares. Consequently, the sum of your bid sizes should be no more than the total number of Preferred Shares you are willing to purchase. In addition, the auction agent may impose size limits on the aggregate size of bids that they choose to accept from any bidder (including any network broker), although the auction agent is under no obligation to do so or to reconfirm bids for any reason, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. · At any time prior to the submission deadline, you may modify your bids to increase or decrease the number of Preferred Shares bid for or the price bid per share and may withdraw your bid and reenter the auction. Network brokers, however, will impose earlier submission deadlines than that imposed by the auction agent in order to have sufficient time to aggregate bids received from its respective customers and to transmit the aggregate bid to the auction agent before the auction closes. If you are bidding through a network broker, or another broker that is submitting bids through the auction agent or a network broker, you should be aware of any earlier submission deadlines that may be imposed by your broker. · Conditions for valid bids, including eligibility standards and account funding requirements, may vary from broker to broker. Some brokers, for example, may require a prospective investor to maintain a minimum account balance or to ensure that its account balance is equal to or in excess of the amount of its bid. No funds will be transferred to the underwriters until the acceptance of the bid and the allocation of Preferred Shares. 24 · A bid received by an auction agent or any network broker involves no obligation or commitment of any kind prior to the submission deadline. Therefore, you will be able to withdraw a bid at any time prior to the submission deadline (or any deadline imposed by a network broker, if you are bidding through a network broker). Following the submission deadline, however, all bids that have not been modified or withdrawn by you prior to the submission deadline will be considered final and irrevocable and may be accepted. The auction agent and Treasury will rely on your bid in setting the public offering price and in sending notices of acceptance to successful bidders. · If you are requested to reconfirm a bid and fail to do so in a timely manner, the auction agent may deem your bid to have been withdrawn. The auction agent may, however, choose to accept your bid even if it has not been reconfirmed. · The auction agent may reject any bid that it determines, in its discretion, has a potentially manipulative, disruptive or other adverse effect on the auction process or the offering. · The auction agent will not provide bidders with any information about the bids of other bidders or auction trends, or with advice regarding bidding strategies, in connection with the auction process. · No funds will be transferred to the underwriters until the acceptance of the bid and the allocation of the Preferred Shares. However, the auction agent or any network broker may require you to deposit funds or securities in your brokerage accounts with value sufficient to cover the aggregate dollar amount of your bids. Bids may be rejected if you do not provide the required funds or securities within the required time. The auction agent or any network broker may, however, decide to accept successful bids regardless of whether you have deposited funds or securities in your brokerage accounts. In any case, if you are a successful bidder, you will be obligated to purchase the Preferred Shares allocated to you in the allocation process and will be required to deposit funds in your brokerage accounts prior to settlement, which is expected to occur three or four business days after the notices of acceptance are sent to you. Pricing and Allocation · The auction agent will manage the master order book that will aggregate all bids and will include the identity of the bidders (or their brokers, in the case of bids submitted through a network broker). The master order book will not be available for viewing by bidders. Bidders whose bids are accepted will be informed about the result of their bids. · The clearing price will be determined based on the number of valid, irrevocable bids at the time of the submission deadline that Treasury decides, in its sole discretion, to accept. The clearing price will equal the highest price in the auction for which the quantity of all bids at or above such price equals the number of Preferred Shares that Treasury has elected to sell. · Unless Treasury decides not to sell any Preferred Shares or as otherwise described below, all Preferred Shares will be sold to bidders at the clearing price plus accrued dividends. · Promptly after the auction agent determines the clearing price, they will communicate that clearing price to Treasury. Treasury may decide not to sell any Preferred Shares after the clearing price is determined. Once Treasury confirms its acceptance of the clearing price and the number of Preferred Shares to be sold, the auction agent will confirm allocations of Preferred Shares to its clients and the network brokers. The underwriters will sell all Preferred Shares at the same price per share plus accrued dividends. · If Treasury elects to sell Preferred Shares in the offering, allocation of the Preferred Shares will be determined by, first, allocating Preferred Shares to any bids made above the clearing price, and second, allocating Preferred Shares on a pro-rata basis among bids made at the clearing price. · The pro-rata allocation percentage for bids made at the clearing price will be determined by dividing the number of Preferred Shares to be allocated at the bidding increment equal to the clearing price by the number of Preferred Shares represented by bids at that bidding increment. Each accepted bid submitted at the clearing price will be allocated a number of Preferred Shares approximately equal to the pro-rata allocation percentage multiplied by the number of Preferred Shares represented by its bid, rounded to the nearest whole number of Preferred Shares. In no case, however, will any rounded amount exceed the original bid size. 25 · After Treasury confirms its acceptance of the clearing price and the number of Preferred Shares to be sold, the auction agent and each network broker that has submitted successful bids will notify you, in the event your bids have been accepted by Treasury, by electronic message, telephone, facsimile or otherwise that the auction has closed and that your bids have been accepted by Treasury (subject, in some cases, to pro-ration, as described in this prospectus). They may also provide you with a preliminary allocation estimate, which will be subsequently followed by a final allocation and confirmation of sale. In the event your bids are not accepted, you may be notified that your bids have not been accepted. As a result of the varying delivery times involved in sending e-mails over the Internet and other methods of delivery, you may receive notices of acceptance before or after other bidders. · The clearing price and number of Preferred Shares to be sold are expected to be announced via press release on the business day following the end of the auction. The price will also be included in the notice of acceptance and the confirmation of sale that will be sent to successful bidders, and will also be included in the final prospectus supplement for the offering. · Sales to investors will be settled through your account with the broker through which your bid was submitted. · If you submit bids that are accepted by Treasury, you will be obligated to purchase the Preferred Shares allocated to you regardless of whether you are aware that the notice of acceptance of your bid has been sent. Once an underwriter has sent out a notice of acceptance and confirmation of sale, it will not cancel or reject your bid. The auction agent and Treasury will rely on your bid in setting the public offering price and in sending notices of acceptance to successful bidders. As a result, you will be responsible for paying for all of the Preferred Shares that are finally allocated to you, at the public offering price. You should carefully review the procedures of, and communications from, the institution through which you bid to purchase Preferred Shares. Auction Process Developments You should keep in contact with the institution through which your bid has been submitted and monitor your relevant e-mail accounts, telephone and facsimile for notifications related to this offering, which may include: · Potential Request for Reconfirmation . The auction agent, in its sole discretion, may ask you to reconfirm your bid by directly contacting you (or your broker, if you submitted your bid through a broker other than the auction agent), although the auction agent is under no obligation to reconfirm bids for any reason, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. If you are requested to reconfirm a bid and fail to do so in a timely manner, the auction agent may deem your bid to have been withdrawn. The auction agent may, however, choose to accept your bid even if it has not been reconfirmed. · Notice of Acceptance . Notification as to whether any of your bids are successful and have been accepted by Treasury. This notification will include the final clearing price. If your bids have been accepted by Treasury, you will be informed about the results of the auction process. 26 SELLING SHAREHOLDER The table below sets forth information concerning the resale of the Preferred Shares by Treasury. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any Preferred Shares sold by Treasury. Our operations are regulated by various U.S. governmental authorities, including in certain respects by Treasury. Other than through its role as a regulator and the acquisition of the Preferred Shares, Treasury has not held any position or office or had any other material relationship with us or any of our predecessors or affiliates within the past three years. Treasury acquired the Preferred Shares as part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program, which was established pursuant to EESA. EESA was enacted into law on October 3, 2008 to restore confidence and stabilize the volatility in the U.S. banking system and to encourage financial institutions to increase their lending to customers and to each other. The following description was provided by Treasury and is derived from the website of Treasury. Treasury is the executive agency of the United States government responsible for promoting economic prosperity and ensuring the financial security of the United States. Treasury is responsible for a wide range of activities, such as advising the President of the United States on economic and financial issues, encouraging sustainable economic growth and fostering improved governance in financial institutions. Treasury operates and maintains systems that are critical to the nation's financial infrastructure, such as the production of coin and currency, the disbursement of payments to the American public, revenue collection and the borrowing of funds necessary to run the federal government. Treasury works with other federal agencies, foreign governments, and international financial institutions to encourage global economic growth, raise standards of living and, to the extent possible, predict and prevent economic and financial crises. Treasury also performs a critical and far-reaching role in enhancing national security by implementing economic sanctions against foreign threats to the United States, identifying and targeting the financial support networks of national security threats and improving the safeguards of our financial systems. In addition, under the EESA, Treasury was given certain authority and facilities to restore the liquidity and stability of the financial system. The doctrine of sovereign immunity, as limited by the FTCA, provides that claims may not be brought against the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof unless specifically permitted by act of Congress. The FTCA bars claims for fraud or misrepresentation. The courts have held, in cases involving federal agencies and instrumentalities, that the United States may assert its sovereign immunity to claims brought under the federal securities laws. Thus, any attempt to assert a claim against Treasury alleging a violation of the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, resulting from an alleged material misstatement in or material omission from this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus are a part, or any other act or omission in connection with the offering to which this prospectus relate, likely would be barred. In addition, Treasury and its members, officers, agents, and employees are exempt from liability for any violation or alleged violation of the anti-fraud provisions of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act by virtue of Section 3(c) thereof. The underwriters are not claiming to be agents of Treasury in this offering. Accordingly, any attempt to assert such a claim against the members, officers, agents or employees of Treasury for a violation of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act resulting from an alleged material misstatement in or material omission from this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus are a part or resulting from any other act or omission in connection with the offering to which this prospectus relates likely would be barred. See “Risk Factors - Treasury is a federal agency and your ability to bring a claim against Treasury under the federal securities laws in connection with a purchase of Preferred Shares may be limited .” 27 The table below sets forth information with respect to the number of Preferred Shares beneficially owned by Treasury as of ______________, 2012, the number of Preferred Shares being offered by Treasury in this offering, and the number of Preferred Shares to be beneficially owned by Treasury after this offering. The percentages below are calculated based on 33,000 shares of Preferred Shares issued and outstanding as of ____________, 2012. Beneficial Ownership Prior to the Offering (1)(2) Beneficial Ownership After the Offering Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number and Type of Preferred Shares Beneficially Owned (1) Percent Preferred Shares Being Offered Number of Preferred Shares Beneficially Owned (1)(2) Percent United States Department of the Treasury 1500 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20220 33,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock 100 % 33,000 — — % (1) In accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner, for purposes of this table, of any Preferred Shares over which such person has voting or investment power and of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days of the exercise of any warrant. (2) Treasury also owns a warrant to purchase 578,947 of the shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $8.55 per share, subject to adjustment. U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to “U.S. holders” and “non-U.S. holders” (each as defined below) with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Preferred Shares. This summary is based upon current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the “Code”), Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative authority, all of which are subject to differing interpretations or change, possibly with retroactive effect. This summary is limited to investors who will hold the Preferred Shares as capital assets and does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to particular investors in light of their individual circumstances. This discussion does not address the tax consequences to investors who are subject to special tax rules, such as banks and other financial institutions, insurance companies, governments and governmental entities, broker-dealers, partnerships and their partners, tax-exempt organizations, investors that will hold the Preferred Shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale, or other integrated security transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. expatriates or U.S. holders that have a functional currency that is not the U.S. dollar, all of whom may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those summarized below. In addition, this summary does not address any alternative minimum tax consequences or any state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences. Each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. income and other tax considerations of the purchase, ownership, and disposition of the Preferred Shares. For purposes of this summary, you are a “U.S. holder” if you are a beneficial owner of the Preferred Shares and you are for U.S. federal income tax purposes (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust if it (A) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. You are a “non-U.S. holder” if you are a beneficial owner of the Preferred Shares that is an individual, corporation, estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder. If a partnership (including any other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is a holder of the Preferred Shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partnership or a partner of a partnership holding Preferred Shares, you should consult your own tax advisors as to the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Preferred Shares. 28 U.S. Holders Distributions on the Preferred Shares. In general, if distributions are made with respect to the Preferred Shares, the distributions will be treated as dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any portion of a distribution in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits is treated first as a nontaxable return of capital reducing your tax basis in the Preferred Shares. Any amount in excess of your tax basis is treated as capital gain, the tax treatment of which is discussed below under “Sale or Redemptions of the Preferred Shares.” Dividends received by individual holders of the Preferred Shares will generally be subject to a reduced maximum tax rate of 15% if such dividends are treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The rate reduction does not apply to dividends that are paid to individual stockholders with respect to Preferred Shares that are held for 60 days or less during the 121-day period beginning on the date which is 60 days before the date on which the Preferred Shares become ex-dividend. Furthermore, the rate reduction does not apply to dividends received to the extent that an individual holder elects to treat the dividends as “investment income” for purposes of determining the holder's limit for the deduction of investment interest under Section 163(d) of the Code. The 15% dividend rate is scheduled to expire December 31, 2012, at which time the rate will revert back to ordinary income rates previously in effect and applicable to dividends unless the Code is amended to provide for a different rate. In addition, under the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, dividends received after December 31, 2012 by U.S. holders that are individuals could be subject to the 3.8% tax on net investment income. You should consult your own tax advisors regarding the implications of these rules in light of your particular circumstances. Dividends received by corporate holders of the Preferred Shares may be eligible for a dividends received deduction equal to 70% of the amount of the distribution, subject to applicable limitations, including limitations related to “debt financed portfolio stock” under Section 246A of the Code and to the holding period requirements of Section 246 of the Code. In addition, any amount received by a corporate holder that is treated as a dividend may, depending on the circumstances, constitute an “extraordinary dividend” subject to the provisions of Section 1059 of the Code (except as may otherwise be provided in Treasury regulations yet to be promulgated). Under Section 1059, a corporate holder that has held shares for two years or less before the dividend announcement date generally must reduce the tax basis of all of the holder's shares (but not below zero) by the “non-taxed portion” of any “extraordinary dividend” and, if the non-taxed portion exceeds the holder's tax basis for the shares, must treat any excess as gain from the sale or exchange of the shares in the year the payment is received. Individual holders of Preferred Shares that receive any “extraordinary dividends” that are treated as “qualified dividend income” (as discussed above) will be required to treat any losses on the sale of such Preferred Shares as long-term capital losses to the extent of such dividends. We strongly encourage you to consult your own tax advisor regarding the extent, if any, to which these provisions may apply to you in light of your particular facts and circumstances. Sale or Redemption of the Preferred Shares. On the sale or exchange of the Preferred Shares to a party other than us, you generally will realize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between (a) the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property you receive on the sale and (b) your tax basis in the Preferred Shares. We strongly encourage you to consult your own tax advisors regarding applicable rates, holding periods and netting rules for capital gains and losses in light of your particular facts and circumstances. Certain limitations exist on the deduction of capital losses by both corporate and non-corporate taxpayers. On the redemption of Preferred Shares by us, your surrender of the Preferred Shares for the redemption proceeds will be treated either as a payment received upon sale or exchange of the Preferred Shares or as a distribution with respect to all of your equity interests in us. Resolution of this issue will turn on the application of Section 302 of the Code to your individual facts and circumstances. The redemption will be treated as gain or loss from the sale or exchange of Preferred Shares (as discussed above) if: · the redemption is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to you within the meaning of Section 302(b)(2) of the Code; · your interest in the Preferred Shares and any other equity interest in us is completely terminated (within the meaning of Section 302(b)(3) of the Code) as a result of such redemption; or 29 · the redemption is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” (within the meaning of Section 302(b)(1) of the Code). In general, redemption proceeds are “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” if the redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of your interest in the issuer. In determining whether any of these tests has been met, you must take into account not only the Preferred Shares and other equity interests in us that you actually own, but also shares and other equity interests that you constructively own within the meaning of Section 318 of the Code. If none of the above tests giving rise to sale or exchange treatment is satisfied, then a payment made in redemption of the Preferred Shares will be treated as a distribution that is subject to the tax treatment described above under “Distributions on the Preferred Shares.” The amount of the distribution will be equal to the amount of cash and the fair market value of property you receive without any offset for your tax basis in the Preferred Shares. Your tax basis in the redeemed Preferred Shares should be transferred to your remaining Preferred Shares. If, however, you have no remaining Preferred Shares, your basis could be lost. Any redemption proceeds that are attributable to any declared but unpaid dividends on the Preferred Shares will generally be subject to the rules described above under “U.S. Holders - Distributions on the Preferred Shares.” We strongly encourage you to consult your own tax advisor regarding: (a) whether a redemption payment will qualify for sale or exchange treatment under Section 302 of the Code or, alternatively, will be characterized as a distribution; and (b) the resulting tax consequences to you in light of your individual facts and circumstances. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. Information reporting will generally apply to noncorporate U.S. holders with respect to payments of dividends on the Preferred Shares and to certain payments of proceeds on the sale or other disposition of the Preferred Shares. Certain noncorporate U.S. holders may be subject to U.S. backup withholding (currently at a rate of 28%) on payments of dividends on the Preferred Shares and certain payments of proceeds on the sale or other disposition of the Preferred Shares unless the beneficial owner of the Preferred Shares furnishes the payor or its agent with a taxpayer identification number, certified under penalties of perjury, and certain other information, or otherwise establishes, in the manner prescribed by law, an exemption from backup withholding. U.S. backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a credit against a U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, which may entitle the U.S. holder to a refund, provided the U.S. holder timely furnishes the required information to the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). Non-U.S. Holders Distributions on the Preferred Shares. Distributions treated as dividends as described above under “U.S. Holders - Distributions on the Preferred Shares” paid to a non-U.S. holder of the Preferred Shares will generally be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. However, distributions that are effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the United States are not subject to the withholding tax, provided certain certification and disclosure requirements are satisfied. Instead, such distributions are subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis in the same manner as if the non-U.S. holder were a United States person as defined under the Code, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise. Any such effectively connected dividends received by a foreign corporation may be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. For purposes of obtaining a reduced rate of withholding under an income tax treaty or an exemption from withholding for dividends effectively connected to a U.S. trade or business, a non-U.S. holder will generally be required to provide a U.S. taxpayer identification number as well as certain information concerning the holder's country of residence and entitlement to tax benefits. A non-U.S. holder can generally meet the certification requirements by providing a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN (if the holder is claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty) or Form W-8ECI (if the dividends are effectively connected with a trade or business in the United States) or suitable substitute form. 30 Sale or Redemption of the Preferred Shares. A non-U.S. holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on gain realized on the sale, exchange, redemption (except as discussed below) or other disposition of the Preferred Shares except for (i) certain non-resident alien individuals that are present in the United States for 183 or more days in the taxable year of the sale or disposition, (ii) gain that is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the United States (and, if a tax treaty applies, is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained the non-U.S. holder in the United States), (iii) non-U.S. holders that are subject to tax pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. federal income tax law applicable to certain expatriates, and (iv) gain if we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We would not be treated as a “United States real property holding corporation” if less than 50% of our assets throughout a prescribed testing period consist of interests in real property located within the United States, excluding, for this purpose, interest in real property solely in a capacity as a creditor. To the extent that we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and a non-U.S. holder was not eligible for a treaty exemption, any gain on the sale of our Preferred Shares would be treated as effectively connected with a trade or business within the United States and the purchaser of the stock could be required to withhold 10% of the purchase price and remit such amount to the IRS. Gain that is treated as effectively connected with a trade or business within the United States will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis in the same manner as if the non-U.S. holder was a United States person as defined under the Code, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise. Any such effectively connected income received by a foreign corporation may be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. We believe that we are not currently and do not anticipate becoming a “United States real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A payment made to a non-U.S. holder in redemption of the Preferred Shares may be treated as a dividend, rather than as a payment in exchange for such stock, in the circumstances discussed above under “U.S. Holders - Sale or Redemption of the Preferred Shares,” in which event such payment would be subject to tax as discussed above under “Distributions on the Preferred Shares.” Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors to determine the proper tax treatment of any payment received in redemption of the Preferred Shares. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding. Information returns will be filed with the IRS reporting payments of dividends on the Preferred Shares and the amount of tax, if any, withheld with respect to those payments. Copies of information returns reporting such dividends and withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which a non-U.S. holder resides under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty. Unless the non-U.S. holder complies with certification procedures to establish that it is not a U.S. person, information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Preferred Shares and the non-U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on dividend payments on the Preferred Shares or on the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Preferred Shares. Satisfaction of the certification procedures required to claim a reduced rate of withholding under a treaty described above in the section titled “Distributions on the Preferred Shares” will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid backup withholding as well. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a non-U.S. holder will be allowed as a credit against such holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Non-U.S. holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding in their particular circumstances and the availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding under current Treasury regulations. New Legislation Relating to Foreign Accounts Legislation enacted in 2010 may impose withholding taxes on certain types of payments made to “foreign financial institutions” and certain other non-U.S. entities after December 31, 2012. The legislation generally imposes a 30% withholding tax on dividends on or gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of Preferred Shares paid to a foreign financial institution unless the foreign financial institution enters into an agreement with Treasury to among other things, undertake to identify accounts held by certain U.S. persons or U.S.-owned foreign entities, annually report certain information about such accounts, and withhold 30% on payments to account holders whose actions prevent it from complying with these reporting and other requirements. In addition, the legislation generally imposes a 30% withholding tax on the same types of payments to a foreign non-financial entity unless the entity certifies that it does not have any substantial U.S. owners or furnishes identifying information regarding each substantial U.S. owner. Under recently issued IRS guidance, these rules generally would apply to payments of dividends on the Preferred Shares made after December 31, 2013, and payments of gross proceeds from a disposition of the Preferred Shares made after December 31, 2014. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding this legislation. 31 UNDERWRITING Treasury is offering the Preferred Shares through as representative of the several underwriters. The terms and conditions set forth in the underwriting agreement, dated , 2012, govern the sale and purchase of the Preferred Shares. Each underwriter named below has severally agreed to purchase from Treasury, and Treasury has agreed to sell to such underwriter, the number of Preferred Shares set forth opposite the name of each underwriter below at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. Underwriter Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Total The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the several underwriters to purchase the Preferred Shares offered hereby are subject to certain conditions precedent and that the underwriters will purchase all of the Preferred Shares that Treasury determines to sell, if any are purchased. The number of Preferred Shares that Treasury may determine to sell will depend, in part, upon the success of the auction process. See “Auction Process - The Auction Process - Pricing and Allocation.” The underwriters plan to offer the Preferred Shares for sale pursuant to the auction process described above under “Auction Process.” Preferred Shares sold by the underwriters to the public will be sold at the clearing price determined through that auction process plus accrued dividends thereon. During the auction period, bids may be placed for Preferred Shares at any price (such bid price to be in increments of $0.01). The offering of the Preferred Shares by the underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the underwriters' right to reject any order in whole or in part. As described under “Auction Process,” Treasury may decide not to sell any Preferred Shares in the auction process, regardless of the clearing price set in the auction process. The underwriters are committed to purchase and pay for all such Preferred Shares, if any are purchased. The underwriting agreement also provides that if an underwriter defaults, the purchase commitments of non-defaulting underwriters may also be increased or this offering may be terminated. The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters are conditional and may be terminated at their discretion based on their assessment of the state of the financial markets. The obligations of the underwriters may also be terminated upon the occurrence of the events specified in the underwriting agreement. 32 The following table shows the per share and total underwriting discount that the underwriters will receive and the proceeds Treasury will receive. Per Share Total Series A Preferred Stock Price to public (1) $ $ Underwriting discounts and commissions to be paid by Treasury (2) Proceeds to Treasury (1) (1) Plus accrued dividends from and including May 15, 2012. (2) Treasury has agreed to pay all underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer taxes. We have agreed to pay all transaction fees, if any, applicable to the sale of the Preferred Shares and the certain fees and disbursements of counsel for Treasury incurred in connection with this offering. We estimate that the total expenses of this offering, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions and transfer taxes, if any, will be approximately $ and are payable by us. Restriction on Sales of Securities We and Treasury have agreed, for the period beginning on and including the date of this prospectus through and including the date that is 30 days after the date of this prospectus, that we will not, without the prior written consent of the representatives, (i) directly or indirectly, offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of any shares of preferred stock or any securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable, for preferred stock or file any registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to any of the foregoing or (ii) enter into any swap or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of preferred stock. The restrictions described in the immediately preceding paragraph will not apply to sales by Treasury of any of our Preferred Shares back to us. The underwriters may, in their sole discretion and at any time and from time to time, without notice, release all or any portion of the Preferred Shares and other securities from the foregoing restrictions. Indemnity We have agreed to indemnify Treasury and the underwriters and persons who control the underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to contribute to payments that the underwriters may be required to make in respect of these liabilities. Stabilization In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in stabilizing transactions. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase Preferred Shares so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum, and are engaged in for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of Preferred Shares while this offering is in progress. These stabilizing transactions may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our Preferred Shares or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our Preferred Shares. As a result, the price of our Preferred Shares in the open market may be higher than it would otherwise be in the absence of these transactions. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our Preferred Shares. These transactions may be effected in the open market or otherwise and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. 33 Listing The Preferred Shares will not be listed for trading on any stock exchange or available for quotation on any national quotation system. Selling Restrictions United Kingdom Each underwriter shall be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed that: · it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ''FSMA'')) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Preferred Shares in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to our company; and · it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Preferred Shares in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ''Order'') or (iii) high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and other persons, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order or (iv) other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated in accordance with the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ''relevant persons''). The Preferred Shares are only available to, and investment activity will only be engaged in with, relevant persons. Any person that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus or either of their respective contents. European Economic Area In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (the ''EEA'') that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a ''Relevant Member State''), an offer to the public of any Preferred Shares that are the subject of the offering contemplated in this prospectus may not be made in that Relevant Member State, except that an offer to the public in that Relevant Member State of any Preferred Shares may be made at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Directive, if they have been implemented in that Relevant Member State: (a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive; (b) at any time to fewer than 100 or, if the Relevant Member State has implemented the relevant provisions of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150 natural or legal persons (other than “qualified investors,” as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriters; or (c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, provided that no such offer of the Preferred Shares shall result in a requirement for us or the underwriters to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public of any Preferred Shares” in relation to the Preferred Shares in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Preferred Shares to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase the Preferred Shares, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State, the expression ''Prospectus Directive'' means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the Relevant Member State), and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State and the expression ''2010 PD Amending Directive'' means Directive 2010/73/EU. 34 Conflict of Interest; Other Relationships From time to time, the underwriters and their affiliates have provided, and may continue to provide, investment banking and other financial advisory services to us in the ordinary course of their businesses, and have received, and may continue to receive, compensation for such services. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Company. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. VALIDITY OF SECURITIES Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, certain legal matters with respect to the securities will be passed upon for us by Varnum LLP, counsel to Firstbank. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Firstbank Corporation as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011 have been incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the reports of Plante & Moran PLLC, independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 35 PART II. INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following is an itemized statement of the estimated fees and expenses in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities registered hereby: Registration Statement filing fees $ 4,350 Attorneys' fees and expenses $ 10,000 Accounting fees and expenses $ 3,000 Miscellaneous $ 5,000 Total $ 23,350 _____________________ Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers The Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company provide that its directors and officers are to be indemnified as of right to the fullest extent permitted under the Michigan Business Corporation Act ("MBCA"). Under the MBCA, directors, officers, employees or agents are entitled to indemnification against expenses (including attorneys' fees) whenever they successfully defend legal proceedings brought against them by reason of the fact that they hold such a position with the corporation. In addition, with respect to actions not brought by or in the right of the corporation, indemnification is permitted under the MBCA for expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines, penalties and reasonable settlement if it is determined that the person seeking indemnification acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation or its shareholders and, with respect to criminal proceedings, he or she had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. With respect to actions brought by or in the right of the corporation, indemnification is permitted under the MBCA for expenses (including attorneys' fees) and reasonable settlements, if it is determined that the person seeking indemnification acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation or its shareholders; provided, indemnification is not permitted if the person is found liable to the corporation, unless the court in which the action or suit was brought has determined that indemnification is fair and reasonable in view of all the circumstances of the case. The MBCA specifically provides that it is not the exclusive source of indemnity. As a result, the Company adopted individual indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements provide a contractually enforceable right for prompt indemnification, except that indemnification is not required where: (i) indemnification is provided under an insurance policy, except for amounts in excess of insurance coverage; (ii) indemnification is provided by the Company outside of the agreement; (iii) the claim involved a violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provision of state law; or (iv) indemnification by the Company is otherwise prohibited by law. In the case of a derivative or other action by or in the right of the Company where a director or executive officer is found liable, indemnity is predicated on the determination that indemnification is nevertheless appropriate, by majority vote of a committee of disinterested directors, independent legal counsel, or a court where the claim is litigated, whichever the indemnitee chooses. The protection provided by the indemnification agreements is broader than that under the MBCA, where indemnification in such circumstances is available only where specifically authorized by the court where the claim is litigated. In addition, the Company's Restated Articles of Incorporation limit the personal liability of the members of its Board of Directors for monetary damages with respect to claims by the Company or its shareholders resulting from certain negligent acts or omissions. Under an insurance policy maintained by the Company, the directors and officers of the Company are insured within the limits and subject to the limitations of the policy, against certain expenses in connection with the defense of certain claims, actions, suits or proceedings, and certain liabilities which might be imposed as a result of such claims, action, suits or proceedings, which may be brought against them by reason of being or having been such directors and officers. 36 Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Item16. Exhibits Exhibit No. Exhibit 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Firstbank Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Firstbank Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 Bylaws of Firstbank Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 30, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate. 4.2 Articles of Amendment to the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, establishing the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock, dated January 30, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Firstbank Corporation’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.3 Form of Certificate for the Series A Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Firstbank Corporation’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.4 Warrant for Purchase of Shares of Common Stock, issued January 30, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Firstbank Corporation’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 4.5 Letter Agreement including the Securities Purchase Agreement — Standard Terms attached thereto, dated January 30, 2009, between the Company and United States Department of the Treasury, with respect to the issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrant (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Firstbank Corporation’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference). 5.1 Opinion of Varnum LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 10(a)* Form of Indemnity Agreement with Directors and Officers. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 27, 2005. Here incorporated by reference. 10(d)* Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan of 1993. Previously filed as an appendix to the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders held April 26, 1993. Here incorporated by reference. 10(e)* Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan of 1997. Previously filed as an appendix to the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders held April 28, 1997. Here incorporated by reference. 10(f)* 2006 Stock Compensation Plan. Previously filed as Appendix A to registrant’s proxy statement dated March 13, 2006. Here incorporated by reference. 10(g)* Employee Stock Purchase Plan of 1999. Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-89771) filed on October 27, 1999. Here incorporated by reference. 10(h)* Form of Change of Control Severance Agreement. Filed as exhibit 10 to registrant’s report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2000. Here incorporated by reference. 37 10(i)* Form of Stock Option Agreement. Previously filed as Exhibit 10(h) to the registrant’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. Here incorporated by reference. 10(j)* Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2006 Stock Compensation Plan. Filed as exhibit 10.1 to registrant’s report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. Here incorporated by reference. 10(k)* Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for 2006 Stock Compensation Plan, filed as exhibit 10(k) to registrant’s Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. Here incorporated by reference. 10(l)* Form of waiver executed by the Corporation and each of Thomas R. Sullivan, Samuel G. Stone, William L. Benear, Douglas J. Ouellette, and James E. Wheeler II, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Firstbank Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009. 10(m) Warrant, dated January 30, 2009, to purchase shares of Common Stock of Firstbank Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Firstbank Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009. 10(n) Letter Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2009, between Firstbank Corporation and the United States Department of the Treasury, and the Securities Purchase Agreement—Standard Terms attached thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Firstbank Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009. 10(o) Form of Letter Agreement executed by each of Thomas R. Sullivan, Samuel G. Stone, William L. Benear, Douglas J. Ouellette and James E. Wheeler II effective January 30, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Firstbank Corporation Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2009. 12.1 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preference Dividends for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008 and 2007. 14. Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Firstbank Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Firstbank Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 23.1 Consent of Plante & Moran PLLC. 23.2 Consent of Varnum LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1). 24 Powers of Attorney. Contained on the signature page of this report. *Management Contract or Compensatory Plan. Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrants hereby undertake: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 38 (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to any purchaser: (i) Each prospectus filed by a Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(l)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which the prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of a Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned Registrants undertake that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned Registrants pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned Registrants will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of an undersigned Registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of an undersigned Registrant or used or referred to by an undersigned Registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about an undersigned Registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of an undersigned Registrant; and 39 (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by an undersigned Registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: · For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. · For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 40 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Firstbank Corporation certifies that it has caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Alma, State of Michigan, on April 15, 2012. FIRSTBANK CORPORATION By: /s/ Thomas R. Sullivan Thomas R. Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Samuel G. Stone Samuel G. Stone Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and Accounting Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned being a director of Firstbank Corporation, a Michigan corporation (the “Company”), constitutes and appoints Thomas R. Sullivan and Samuel G. Stone, and each of them severally, as the true and lawful attorney and agent of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and any and all amendments (including pre-effective and post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement and to sign any registration statement (and any post-effective amendments thereto) for the same offering that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposed as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that said attorney-in-fact, agent or his substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Thomas R. Sullivan April 16, 2012 Thomas R. Sullivan, Principal Executive Officer and a Director /s/ Samuel G. Stone April 16, 2012 Samuel G. Stone, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer /s/ Thomas D. Dickinson April 16, 2012 Thomas D. Dickinson, Director 41 /s/ David W. Fultz April 16, 2012 David W. Fultz, Director /s/ Jeff A. Gardner April 16, 2012 Jeff A. Gardner, Director /s/ William E. Goggin April 16, 2012 William E. Goggin, Director /s/ Edward B. Grant April 16, 2012 Edward B. Grant, Director /s/ Samuel A. Smith April 16, 2012 Samuel A. Smith, Director 42
