rpcs15210.htm As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2010 Registration No. ____________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 RADIENT PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 2835 33-0413161 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2492 Walnut Avenue, Suite 100 Tustin, California 92780-7039 (714) 505-4460 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) Copies to: Louis E. Taubman, Esq. Leser, Hunter, Taubman & Taubman 17 State Street, Suite 2000 New York, New York 10004 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. [x] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered(1) Amount to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per share (2) Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee Common Stock underlying Convertible Notes and interest accrued thereon and warrants 59,888,696 $ 1.04 $ 62,284,244 $ 4,440.00 Common Stock 3,350,000 ( $ 1.04 $ 3484,000 $ 248.41 Common Stock underlying Placement Agent Warrants 209,166 (4) $ 1.04 $ 217,533 $ 15.51 Total 63,447,862 $ 4,703.92 (1) Pursuant to Rule 416 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the shares of common stock offered hereby also include such presently indeterminate number of shares of our common stock as shall be issued by us to the selling shareholders upon conversion of the Notes, exercise of the Warrants or the issuance of other securities covered by this registration statement to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. (2) Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended based upon the closing price of the Registrant’s common stock as quoted on the NYSE Amex of $1.04 on April 29, 2010. (3) Includes 250,000 shares we issued to St. George Investments, LLC pursuant to the Waiver of Trigger Event we entered into with them on October 23, 2009. (See St. George Default Note Waiver below) and 3,100,000 shares issued to consultants for services they have provided to us. (4) These shares represent shares underlying the placement agent warrants we issued to the placement agents of our 10% Convertible Notes. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine. THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS MAY NOT SELL THESE SECURITIES PUBLICLY UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED [ ] PROSPECTUS RADIENT PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION 67,058,767 Shares of Common Stock This prospectus relates to the resale of up to 67,058,767 shares of our common stock, $0.001 par value. The selling stockholders named herein may sell common stock from time to time in the principal market on which the stock is traded at the prevailing market price, at prices related to such prevailing market price, in negotiated transactions or a combination of such methods of sale. We will not receive any proceeds from the sales by the selling stockholders. Our shares of common stock are quoted on The New York Stock Exchange Amex (formerly the American Stock Exchange) under the symbol “RPC.” The average of the closing price of our common stock on [ ] was $[ ]. THIS INVESTMENT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD PURCHASE SHARES ONLY IF YOU CAN AFFORD A COMPLETE LOSS OF YOUR INVESTMENT. SEE “RISK FACTORS” BEGINNING ON PAGE 13 FOR A DISCUSSION OF RISKS APPLICABLE TO US AND AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THESE SECURITIES, OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The date of this prospectus is [ ]. TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 3. Summary 3 Item 4. Use of Proceeds 17 Item 5. Determination of Offering Price 18 Item 6. Dilution 18 Item 7. Selling Security Holders 18 Item 8. Plan of Distribution 30 Item 9. Description of Securities 32 Item 10. Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 34 Item 11. Information with respect to the Registrant 35 Item 11A. Material Changes 111 Item 12. Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference 111 Item 12A. Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 111 Part II Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuances and Distribution II-1 Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers II-1 Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities II-1 Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule II-7 Item 17. Undertakings II-10 We have not authorized any person to give you any supplemental information or to make any representations for us. You should not rely upon any information about us that is not contained in this prospectus or in one of our public reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and incorporated into this prospectus. Information contained in this prospectus or in our public reports may become stale. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or the documents incorporated by reference are accurate as of any date other than their respective dates, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of the shares. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. The selling sto ckholders are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. In this prospectus the “company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Radient Pharmaceuticals, Corporation, a Delaware corporation and its subsidiaries. Until [ ], all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters. 2 ITEM 3. SUMMARY INFORMATION, RISK FACTORS AND RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHANGES This summary highlights selected information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. While this summary highlights what we consider to be the most important information about us, you should carefully read this prospectus and the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part in their entirety before investing in our common stock, especially the risks of investing in our common stock, which we discuss later in “Risk Factors,” and our financial statements and related notes beginning on page [ ]. Unless the context requires otherwise, the words “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation. and our subsidiaries, and the word “Radient” refers only to Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Our Business We recently refocused our business on the development, manufacture and marketing of advanced, pioneering medical diagnostic products, including our ONKO-SURE TM , a proprietary In-Vitro Diagnostic (“IVD”) Cancer Test. During the third and fourth quarter of 2009, we repositioned various business segments that we believe will enable us to monetize the value of some of our assets through either new partnerships, separate potential IPO’s or possible sales. These special assets include: (i) our 98% ownership in China-based pharmaceuticals business, Jade Pharmaceuticals Inc. (JPI); (ii) our 100% ownership of a proprietary cancer vaccine therapy technology: Combined Immunogene Therapy (“CIT”); and (iii) 100% owners hip of the Elleuxe brand of advanced skin care produces with proprietary formulations that include human placenta extract ingredients sourced from the China operations of JPI. Until the deconsolidation in September 2009, we operated in China through our wholly owned subsidiary, JPI. JPI engages in the manufacture and distribution of generic and homeopathic pharmaceutical products and supplements, as well as cosmetic products. JPI originally manufactured and distributed its products through two wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries, Jiangxi Jiezhong Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“JJB”) and Yangbian Yiqiao Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“YYB”). However, JPI sold its interest in YYB on June 26, 2009 and on September 29, 2009, we deconsolidated JPI due to the inability to exercise significant influence of its operations (Se e “ Discontinued Operations ” and “ Deconsolidation ” below). In connection with the deconsolidation, we reclassified our China pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution business (conducted through our JPI subsidiary) as a business investment, rather than a consolidated operating subsidiary. On September 25, 2009, we changed our corporate name from “AMDL, Inc.” to “Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation,” because we believe Radient Pharmaceuticals as a brand name has considerable market appeal and reflects our new corporate direction and branding statements. We are now actively engaged in the research, development, manufacturing, sale and marketing of our ONKO-SURE TM , a proprietary IVD Cancer Test in the United States, Canada, Chile, Europe, India, Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and other markets throughout the world. Virtually all of our sales are to distributors. We manufacture and distribute our proprietary ONKO-SURE TM cancer test kits at our licensed manufacturing facility located at 2492 Walnut Avenue, Suite 100, in Tustin, California. We are a United States Food and Drug Administration (“USFDA”), GMP approved manufacturing facility. We maintain a current Device Manufacturing License issued by the State of California, Department of Health Services, Food and Drug Branch. Discontinued Operations and Dispositions On January 22, 2009, our board of directors authorized management to sell the operations of YYB and it was sold on June 26, 2009. Proceeds from the sale of YYB consisted of a note receivable in the amount of 16 million Yuan Renminbi (“RMB”) (approximately U.S. $2,337,541), which is to be paid directly to a bank that JPI owed approximately 18,250,000 RMB (approximately U.S. $2,668,000) at the date of sale. In connection with the sale, JPI transferred rights to certain land and land use rights upon sale. JPI remains liable on the debt obligation to the bank for any amounts not paid by the buyer of YYB, as such obligation did not pass directly to the buye r 3 Deconsolidation During the third quarter of 2009, it became apparent to our management that our working relationship with management of our operations in China was becoming increasingly strained. Accordingly, we believed that the following factors mandated the deconsolidation. Accordingly, we are seeking alternative means of monetizing our investment. There were several issues that caused us to conclude accordingly, including, but not limited to: • Lack of responsiveness by the management in China to our requests for financial information; • Lack of responsiveness by management in China to our requests to transfer our funds to bank accounts under corporate control; • Lack of timely communication with their corporate management concerning significant decisions made by management in China concerning the disposal of the YYB subsidiary; and • Lack of timely communication with corporate officers concerning operations in China. Therefore, effective September 29, 2009, based on unanimous consent of our board of directors and an executed binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between us and certain individual stockholders in China, we deconsolidated all activity of JPI. Based on the Agreement and in accordance with current accounting guidelines, we deconsolidated JPI as of the date we ceased to have a controlling financial interest, which was effective September 29, 2009. In accordance with the Agreement, we agreed to exchange our shares of JPI for 28,000,000 non-voting shares of preferred stock, which represents all outstanding shares of preferred stock, relinquished all rights to past and future profits, surrendered our management positions and agreed to a non-authoritative minority role on the board of directors. Despite the deconsolidation of JPI on September 29, 2009, we still believe JPI has a promising future. We hope that we will be able to sell off a portion or all of our ownership in JPI during the next 24 months. Alternatively, we will seek an exit from our investment at or after any public listing in China. We may also retain all or a portion of our remaining equity stake in JPI, if ownership continues to look promising. The Debt Exchange Agreements In December 2008 and January 2009, we completed two closings with note holders of 12% Senior Notes (the “Series 1 Note Holders”), pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of $1,757,500 in 12% Series 1 Senior Notes (“Series 1 Notes”); in consideration thereof, we issued the Series 1 Note holders warrants to purchase up to 948,200 shares of common stock at $1.00 per share and 544,000 shares of common stock at $1.13 per share, in December 2008 and January 2009, respectively. In May and June 2009, we completed two closings with note holders of the 12% Series 2 Senior Promissory Notes (the “Series 2 Note Holders,” together with the Series 1 Note Holders, the “Note Holders”), pursuant to which we issued an aggreg ate of approximately $1,796,000 in 12% Series 2 Senior Notes (“Series 2 Notes,” together with the Series 1 Notes, the “Series 1 and 2 Notes”); in consideration thereof, we issued the Series 2 Note Holders warrants to purchase up to 2,335,960 shares of common stock at $0.98 per share and up to 749,600 shares of common stock at $1.11 per share in May 2009 and June 2009, respectively. The terms of the Series 2 Notes provided that if the stockholders of the Company do not approve of the Series 2 Note Offering by September 1, 2009 and the Company did not redeem the 12% Series 2 Notes by November 30, 2009, then the holders of such 12% Series 2 Notes shall be entitled to declare such notes in default and declare the entire principal and unpaid accrued interest thereon immediately due and payable. The Company did not pay the interest due on the Series 1 Senior Notes or the Series 2 Senior Notes due on December 1, 2009 or March 1, 2010. As a result, the interest rate on the Series 1 Senior Notes and Series 2 Senior Notes is now accruing at 18% per annum. As of April 14, 2010 none of the noteholders has declared any of the Series 1 Senior Notes or the Series 2 Senior Notes in default and no Notices of Default have been received. The Company intends to seek stockholder approval to exchange the Series 1 and Series 2 Senior Notes for shares of common stock at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Before we completed the Recent Note Financings as described below, we were in desperate need for additional financing. Unless (i) we raised additional financing, (ii) substantially improved our cash position and turnover of receivables, (iii) a significant number of the warrants sold in prior private placement offerings were exercised, or (iv) a significant number of other outstanding options or warrants had been exercised, we needed to raise additional funds from the sale of our securities to maintain our operations. Management believed that the combination of issuing additional shares of common stock for cash and issuing shares of common stock upon exchange of certain of our o utstanding debt obligations and/or the exercise of certain outstanding common stock purchase warrants provides a less expensive and more readily available source of funds for our operations at this time, and enables us to use cash for operations rather than the repayment of debt. As of April 30 2010, we were carrying approximately $7,900,000 of indebtedness that fell into default, however, none of the holders declared default, or is due on outstanding notes and other contractual obligations which are past due or soon to be due. Management was concerned that we may not have sufficient cash to satisfy these debts and carry on our current operations. Therefore, Management believed it is prudent to reserve as much cash as possible for our operations. 4 To that end, Management put together various exchange agreements to enter into with a majority, and potentially all, of our debt holders subject to stockholder approval (“Stockholder Approval”) of such share issuances, pursuant to which the debt holders shall exchange their outstanding notes or other debt obligations for shares of our common stock. As stated above, this will provide us with a less expensive means to repaying our debt and will enable us to use our cash for current operations rather than the repayment of debt. Although the exchange terms vary slightly between the debt holders – based upon the terms of each of the particular notes, a few provisions are consistent in all of the exchange agreements: First, all of the issuances pursuant to the exchange agreements are subject to Stockholder Approval. To that end, we filed a Preliminary Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A on February 1, 2010 and are in the process of responding to SEC comments regarding the same so that we can finalize the proxy and send it out to our stockholders. We have the right to seek Stockholder Approval two times; if we do not receive Stockholder Approval at the second meeting, even if we have paid all of the past due interest, we shall be in default on all of the notes for which stockholders did not approve the issuance of shares pursuant to the related exchange agreement. Once we obtain Stockholder Approval to issue the shares pursuant to a particular exchange agreement, upon such issuance, the debt related to such exchange agreement will be converted to shares of our common stock and the holders thereof shall waive all current and future defaults under the debt. Second, we agreed to use our best efforts to register the shares issuable pursuant to the exchange agreements in the next registration statement we file under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. And third, the issuance of all of the shares to be issued under these proposals are subject to NYSE Amex listing approval. Therefore, although some debt holders have signed an exchange agreement, they are not enforceable until we receive Stockholder Approval and approval of the NYSE Amex to list the shares, which we cannot guarantee and therefore the exchange may never occur. As of the date of this filing, we received signatures to the related exchange agreements from a majority of the Note Holders holding approximately $2,800,000 of the Series 1 and 2 Notes; however, as stated above, the exchange contemplated by such agreement shall not be effected and is not enforceable until we obtain Stockholder Approval and approval of the NYSE Amex to list the shares. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, both the principal and the interest on the Series 1 and 2 Notes shall be exchanged for a certain number of shares of our common stock, the exact number of which is based upon the following formulas. The number of shares of common stock to be issued to the Note Holders in exchange for the principal amount of the Series 1 and 2 Notes shall be an amount equal to the quotient of: the amount of principal sought to be exchanged divided by 70% of the Volume Weight Average Price for the five trading days immediately preceding the date the exchange is requested, but in no event shall the exchange price be less than $0.28. The VWAP is a fraction as follows: the numerator is the sum of the product of (i) the closing trading price for the common stock on the applicable National Securities Exchange for each trading day during such five day period and (ii) the volume of the common stock on the applicable National Securities Exchange for each such day, and the denominator of which is the total volume of the common stock on the applicable National Securities Exchange during such five day period, each as reported by Bloomberg Reporting Service or other recognized stock market price reporting service. We maintain the right to pay all interest due on the Series 1 and 2 Notes between December 1, 2009 and June 30, 2010 in c ash or in shares of common stock. If we elect to pay the interest in shares of common stock, then the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the Note Holders shall be an amount equal to the quotient of the amount of interest sought to be exchanged divided by $0.28. Any interest due after June 30, 2010 shall be paid in cash if, on the date the interest is due as set forth in the Series 1 and 2 Notes, the market price of our common stock is below $0.28 per share. If, after June 30, 2009, the market price of our common stock on such date is equal to or above $0.28 per share, we reserve the right to pay the interest in shares of our common stock at $0.28. As additional consideration for exchanging their debt, we agreed to reduce the exercise price of the Series 1 and Series 2 Warrants to $0.28 per share; there shall not be any other changes to the terms or conditions of the Series 1 Warrants or Series 2 Warrants. By executing the exchange agreement, such Note Holders waived all defaults under his/her Series 1 and 2 Note unless, and only unless, we fail to pay or issue any principal or interest pursuant to the terms of the exchange agreement or if we do not receive Stockholder Approval. If we do not receive Stockholder Approval by September 15, 2010, we will once again be in default of the Series 1 and 2 Notes. font> The shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the debt exchange will be issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for issuances not involving a public offering and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. We also entered into an Exchange Fee Agreement with Cantone Research Inc., who was the placement agent for the original issuance of the Series 1 and 2 Notes. Pursuant to the Exchange Fee Agreement, Cantone Research agreed to negotiate the exchange with the Note Holders described above and obtain the Note Holders agreement and signature to the exchange agreement. Under the Exchange Fee Agreement, we agreed to pay Cantone Research a fee of 2% of the total principal and interest that is due, up through March 1, 2010, on the Series 1 and 2 Notes, which, as of the date we entered into the Exchange Fee Agreement, was $3,952,403, 2% of which is $79,048. We agreed to pay Cantone Research the number of shares of our Common Stock that is equal to the quotient of $79,048 divided by $0.28, or 282,314 shares. We also agr eed to reduce the exercise price of the placement agent warrants issued to Cantone Research to $0.28 per share upon completion of the debt exchange. The issuance of shares to Cantone Research under the Exchange Fee Agreement is subject to NYSE Amex and Stockholder Approval. If we do not receive Stockholder Approval, we will have to pay the exchange fee in cash. 5 In an effort to further reduce our cash expenditures, we also amended a consulting agreement with one of our corporate consultants – Cantone Asset Management LLC (“Cantone Asset”). Under the original consulting agreement, we were to pay Cantone Asset an aggregate cash consulting fee of $144,000 and issued them warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock at $0.60 per share. Pursuant to the amendment, (i) Cantone Asset shall instead be paid with an aggregate of 514,285 shares of our common stock, (ii) we will use our best efforts to register those shares in this registration statement ; and, (iii) we will engage counsel to issue a blanket opinion to our transfer agent regarding the amendment shares once t he related registration statement is declared effective. In consideration for Cantone Asset agreeing to the amendment, we agreed to adjust the exercise price of their warrant to $0.28 per share. The issuance of shares pursuant to the amendment is subject to our receipt of NYSE AMEX approval and Stockholder Approval. If we do not receive Stockholder Approval, the exercise price of the warrants will still be effective, but we will have to pay the consulting fee in cash. St. George Note Waiver On September 15 , 2009, we also issued a Convertible Promissory Note to St. George (the ‘St. George Note”). Pursuant to the terms of the St. George Note, a decrease below $50,000 in the ten-day average daily trading volume of our stock constitutes a Trigger Event, which triggers the following penalties: increasing the outstanding amount of the St. George Note by 125%, which amount - plus all accrued interest, fees, costs, and penalties, as applicable, is due and payable within thirty (30) days thereof, and increasing the interest on the St. George Note to 18% per annum. St. George notified us that such Trigger Event occurred on each of October 20, 2009 and October 21, 2009, but agreed to waive the Trigger Event default and the penalties in exchange for 25 0,000 shares of our common stock (the “Default Shares”). On October 23, 2009, we entered into a Waiver of Trigger Event agreement with St. George to reduce this agreement to writing, pursuant to which we also agreed to register the Default Shares by December 4, 2009. Since we did not register the shares by such date, the waiver was withdrawn and the Trigger Event was once again effective –as of the original date such event occurred; additionally, since we did not pay the St. George Note back by November 30, 2009, we fell into default on the note. However, as disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed on December 16, 2009, on December 11, 2009 we entered into a Waiver of Default with St. George pursuant to which we agreed to repay the entire balance of the St. George Note and any adjustments thereto pursuant to the terms of the initial Waiver by February 1, 2010; St. George was also to keep the Default Shares. Since we failed to pay the entire ba lance of the note by February 1, 2010, we were again in default on the St. George Note. On February 16, 2010, we entered into a Waiver of Default agreement (“February 16 Waiver”) with St. George pursuant to which: (i) St. George waived all defaults through May 15, 2010 and agreed not to accelerate the amounts due under the Note before May 15, 2010 and (ii) St. George shall exercise their Warrant to purchase 140,000 shares of our common stock at $0.65 per share. In consideration for this waiver, we agreed to pay St. George a default fee equal to $50,000, which shall be added to the balance of the Note effective as of the February 16, 2010. If we fail to comply with the terms of the February 16 Waiver, the February 16 Waiver shall be immediately withdrawn, deemed to have never been given and the occurrence of default shall again be effective, pursuant to which St. George can declare the outstanding balance of their note immediately due and payable. The Recent Note Financings On March 22, 2010, April 8, 2010, April 13, 2010 and April 26, 2010 we held four closings, pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of $11,091,625 Convertible Notes and Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 13,193,040 shares of our common stock. We also paid aggregate fees to the Lenders in the aggregate amount of approximately $4,332,000. As part of the Fourth Closing, investors in the 2009 Registered Direct Offering exercised their Right of Participation and purchased $599,525 of the Notes issued in that closing and we issued such participants warrants to purchase up to 712,749 shares of our common stock exercisable at $0.28 per share. The Not es and Warrants issued pursuant to the four closings are virtually the same, but for an addendum we entered into at the second closing regarding the number of shares we can issue before receiving Stockholder Approval to issue more than 19.99% of our issued and outstanding common stock. Each of the Notes matures one year from the date of issuance and carries an original issue discount. The Lenders have the right, at their sole option, to convert the Notes, in whole or in part into shares of our common stock. The number of shares of common stock to be issued upon such conversion shall be determined by dividing (a) the amount sought to be converted by (b) the greater of (i) the Conversion Price (as defined below) at that time, or (ii) the Floor Price (as defined below). The Conversion Price is equal to 80% of the volume-weighted average price for the 5 trading days ending on the business day immediately preceding the applicable date the conversion is sought, as reported by Bloomberg, LP, or if such information is not then being reported by Bloomberg, then as reported by such other data information source as may be selected by the Lender. The Floor Price is initially equal to $0.28 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including recapitalization, stock splits, and similar corporate actions. Additionally, if we issue any additional shares of common stock or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of common stock at a price lower than $0.28 per share, then the Floor Price shall adjust to such lower price. If, during the term of the Notes, the average closing bid price for the common stock for at least 20 of the immediately preceding 30 trading days equals or exceeds $1.25, then on 20 days’ irrevocable notice, and subject to certain conditions set forth in the Note, we can cause the Lenders to convert the outstanding balance of the Notes into shares of common stock. The number of shares of common stock to be so delivered shall not exceed an amount equal to the product of the average daily volume of common stock traded on the primary exchange for common stock during the 20 prior Trading Days as of the mandatory conversion determination date multiplied by twenty.< /font> 6 Interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Notes shall accrue at the rate of 12% per annum, which shall increase to 18% upon the occurrence of an event of default of trigger event, as those terms are defined in the Notes. Commencing on the 6 month anniversary of the Notes and each 90 days thereafter on which a payment of interest is due and continuing on the first day of every third month thereafter until the one year anniversary of the Note, we shall pay the Lenders all interest, fees and penalties accrued but unpaid under the Notes as of such date. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes, we shall also pay Lenders six equal payments representing one-twelfth of the principal amount of the Notes, commencing on the six month anniversary of the Notes and continuing thereafter until the Maturity Date, when we shall pay all remaining principal and interest, in cash. We maintain the right to make any and all of the six payments, at our option, in cash or shares of common stock at the greater of the Floor Price or 80% of the volume-weighted average price for the 5 trading days ending on the business day immediately preceding the applicable payment date. Notwithstanding any other terms to the contrary, pursuant to the terms of the Notes, we must pay all amounts due under the Notes in cash unless all of the following conditions are met: (i) a payment in common stock would not cause the Lenders’ beneficial ownership of common stock to exceed 9.99% of our then outstanding shares of common stock; (ii) we received NYSE Amex listing approval for the common stock issuable under the Notes; (iii) not less than seven calendar days prior to the applicable payment date, we shall have notified the Lenders that we intend to make such payment in common stock; (iv) (a) the common stock to be issued have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or (b) (A) Rule 144 promulgated thereunder is avai lable for their sale, (B) we provided to the Lenders (prior to the delivery of the common stock on the applicable payment date) an attorney’s opinion, in a form acceptable to the Lenders, which provides that Rule 144 is available for the sale of the common stock, (C) we are current on all of our Securities and Exchange Commission reporting obligations, and (D) we are not subject to an extension for reporting our quarterly or annual results; (v) the closing bid price for the common stock on the business day on which notice is given is greater than the Floor Price divided by 80%; and (vi) neither an Event of Default nor a Trigger Event shall have occurred. Upon a Triggering Event, as defined in the Note, the outstanding balance of the Note shall immediately increase to 125% of the then owing principal balance and interest shall accrue at the rate of 1.5% per month. Upon an Event of Default, as defined in the Note, the Lender may declare the unpaid principal balance together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon immediately due and payable. However, all outstanding obligations payable by us shall automatically become immediately due and payable if we become the subject of a bankruptcy or related proceeding. The Warrants have a term of five years and are initially exercisable at the higher of: (i) 105% of the average VWAP for the five trading days immediately preceding the date we issued the Warrants; and (ii) the Floor Price (the same as in the Notes) in effect on the date the Warrants is exercised. The warrants issued to the Lenders in the Fourth Closing are exercisable at $0.89 per share. The exercise price is subject to the occurrence of certain events, including capital adjustments and reorganizations. The Lenders may exercise the Warrants via a cashless exercise if a registration statement for the Warrant Shares is not the in effec t. Pursuant to the terms of the Warrants, we will not effect the exercise of any warrants, and no person who is a holder of any warrant has the right to exercise his/her Warrants, if after giving effect to such exercise, such person would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. Since we are listed on the NYSE Amex, we are required to obtain stockholder approval to issue more than 19.99% of our issued and outstanding common stock at a discount from book or market value at the time of issuance (“19.99% Cap”), which as of the date of the first closing equals 5,085,308 shares, as of the second and third closing equals 5,367,529 shares, and as of the fourth closing equals 5,919,395 shares of our common stock. If the Notes and Warrants issued pursuant to the first closing is fully converted and exercised(but no shares of our common stock are issued in payment of interest on the Note), then we will issue 4,403,571 sha res of our common stock, which represents 17.3% of our issued and outstanding common stock. If the Notes and Warrants issued in the second and third closings are fully converted and exercised (but no shares of our common stock are issued in payment of interest on the Notes), then we may possibly issue up to a total of 39,945,453 shares of our common stock, which exceeds 19.99% of our issued and outstanding common stock. If the Notes and Warrants issued in the fourth closing are fully converted, at the floor price, and exercised (but no shares of our common stock are issued in payment of interest on the Notes), then we may possibly issue up to a total of approximately 52,000,000 shares of our common stock, which exceeds 19.99% of our issued and outstanding common stock. Accordingly, we are required under the terms of the Notes to obtain Stockholder Approval, on or before July 15, 2010 for the first and second closing and on or before August 31, 2010, for the third closing. 0; However, we agreed to seek stockholder approval at our next meeting of stockholders. If we fail to obtain such approval, an Event of Default under the Notes shall occur. We are not required to issue any shares above the 19.99% Cap, if such 19.99% Cap is applicable, until we receive the Stockholder Approval of same. The Addendum we entered into in the second closing prohibits us from issuing more than 594,528 shares to the Lenders, unless we receive Stockholder Approval and NYSE Amex approval to list and issue all shares issuable: (i) upon exercise of all of the Warrants at $.28 per share, (ii) all of the Notes are converted at that same price (which is the lowest price possible, although the initial conversion price is to 80% of the five day volume weighted average closing price of our common stock preceding the date of conversion) and (iii) no shares are issued in payment of interest. Pursuant to an Addendum to the Note and Warrant purchase Agreeme nt we entered into in the second closing, in the event (i) any Lender in the second or third closing attempts to convert the Notes or exercise the Warrant sprior to our receipt of such Stockholder Approval and NYSE Amex approval and (ii) such conversion or exercise would require us to issue in excess of 19.99% of our outstanding common stock to any Lender in the second or third closing at any time after the second closing date (after reserving 4,203,000 shares for issuance to the lender of the first closing), then we shall not be obligated to issue any shares that would be in excess of the 19.99% Cap until required approvals are obtained from the stockholders and NYSE Amex, if required. 7 We are also obligated to receive listing approval from NYSE Amex for the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all of the Notes and exercise of all of the Warrants as soon as practicable after Closing, but in no event later than May 1, 2010. NYSE Amex approved the application for listing on April 19, 2010 for the shares issuable on conversion of the Notes and Warrants in the First Closing. An application was filed on April 20, 2010 with the NYSE Amex for listing approval of the shares issuable on conversion of the Notes or issuable on exercise of the Warrants in the Second Closing and the Third Closing. The Company has not yet applied for listing of the shares issuable on conver sion of the Fourth Closing Notes or issuable on exercise of the Warrants issued in the Fourth Closing or pursuant to their Rights of Participation, but intends to do so in the near future. We also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Lender pursuant to which we agreed to file this registration statement, by May 3, 2010, registering for resale all of the shares underlying the Notes and the Warrants, as well as a reasonable number of shares issuable under the Notes and Warrants pursuant to potential adjustments that may occur pursuant thereto and shares of common stock issuable as interest payments. However, pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, our obligation to register all such shares shall initially be satisfied by the registration of that number of shares of common stock which is at least equal to t he sum of (i) the principal amount of the note plus one year of interest at the rate of 12% divided by the Floor Price of the Note, which is $.28 and (ii) the number of shares of common stock underlying the Lender’s warrant. If we fail to file the registration statement or keep it effective as per the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, $100 per day shall be added to the principal balance of the Notes for so long as the Registration Statement remains unfiled or not effective, up to a cap of $10,000. Copies of the Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements, Form of Notes, Form of Warrants and Registration Rights Agreements for the Note Financings are incorporated herein by reference and are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to the Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed on March 26, 2010 and April 13, 2010, respectively. The description of the transactions contemplated by such agreements set forth herein do not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the exhibits filed herewith and incorporated herein by reference. The private financing described herein was made pursuant to the exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Sections 3(a)(9) and 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. We paid an aggregate of approximately $469,000 in finder’s fees for the Note Financings. The securities issued have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. Risk Factors The securities offered by this prospectus are speculative and involve a high degree of risks associated with our business. For a more discussion of these and other risk factors affecting us and our business, see the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page [ ] of this prospectus. For a more comprehensive discussion of these and other risk factors affecting us and our business, see the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page [ ] of this prospectus. THE OFFERING Common Stock being offered by Selling Stockholders Up to [ ] shares of common stock NYSE Amex Symbol RPC Risk Factors The securities offered by this prospectus are speculative and involve a high degree of risk . See “Risk Factors” beginning on page [ ]. 8 SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements which are included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary set forth below should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, as well as “Selected Consolidated Financial Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Consolidated Statement of Operations Data : Years ended December 31, 2009 2008 (in thousands) (in thousands) Revenues $ 8,628 $ 23,775 Gross profit $ 3,267 12,245 Comprehensive income $ (16,621) $ 2,555 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data : As of December 31, 2009 (in thousands) Balance Sheet Data: Current assets $ 508 Total assets 26,319 Total current liabilities, net of debt discount of $[ ] 4,729 Total liabilities, net of debt discounts of $[ ] 5,626 Total stockholders’ equity $ 20,693 9 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this Form S-1 that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These include statements about the Company’s expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which are indicated by words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “will,” “the Company believes,” “management believes” and similar words or phrases. The forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from results anticipated in these forward- looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to the Company on the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a great deal of risk. Careful consideration should be made of the following factors as well as other information included in this prospectus before deciding to purchase our common stock. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be affected materially and adversely by any or all of these risks. THE FOLLOWING MATTERS MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OR PROSPECTS, FINANCIAL OR OTHERWISE. REFERENCE TO THIS CAUTIONARY STATEMENT IN THE CONTEXT OF A FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT OR STATEMENTS SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A STATEMENT THAT ANY ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING FACTORS MAY CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT OR STATEMENTS. Limited product development activities; our product development efforts may not result in commercial products. We are limited in the number of additional products we can develop at this time. Successful cancer detection and treatment product development is highly uncertain, and very few research and development projects produce a commercial product. Product candidates like the ONKO-SURE tm test kit or the CIT technology that appear promising in the early phases of development, such as in early animal or human clinical trials, may fail to reach the market for a number of reasons, such as: • the product candidate did not demonstrate acceptable clinical trial results even though it demonstrated positive preclinical trial results; • the product candidate was not effective in treating a specified condition or illness; • the product candidate had harmful side effects on humans; • the necessary regulatory bodies, such as the SFDA, did not approve our product candidate for an intended use; • the product candidate was not economical for us to manufacture and commercialize; and • the product candidate is not cost effective in light of existing therapeutics. 10 Of course, there may be other factors that prevent us from marketing a product such as the availability of sufficient cash to develop and market the product. We cannot guarantee we will be able to produce commercially successful products. Further, clinical trial results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations by scientists, medical personnel, regulatory personnel, statisticians and others, which may delay, limit or prevent further clinical development or regulatory approvals of a product candidate. Also, the length of time that it takes for us to complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval in multiple jurisdictions for a product varies by jurisdiction and by product. We cannot predict the length of time to complete necessary clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval. JPI’s operations in China involve significant risk. JPI’s operations in China are conducted as WFOEs in China. Risks associated with operating as a WFOE include unlimited liability for claims arising from operations in China and potentially less favorable treatment from governmental agencies in China than if operated through a joint venture with a Chinese partner. JPI’s Chinese operations are subject to the Pharmaceutical Administrative Law, which governs the licensing, manufacture, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products in China and sets penalty provisions for violations of provisions of the Pharmaceutical Administrative Law. Compliance with changes in law may require JPI to incur additional expenditures or could impose additional regulation on the prices charged for our pharmaceutical products, which could have a material impact on JPI’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows and ultimately impair our investment in JPI. The Chinese government has the right to annex or take facilities it deems necessary. Currently, a portion of JJB’s facility that produces large and small volume parenteral solutions has been identified for annexation by the Chinese Military Department. The outcome of this event cannot be predicted at this time, but if the Chinese government takes this facility, although JPI expects that JJB will be compensated fairly for the facility, JJB will have to spend significant time and resources finding another location and restarting those operations in another area. JPI intends to consolidate JJB and any operations related to product lines retained after the sale of YYB in a single facility in a new location. Thi s may in turn negatively affect the ability to monetize our investment in JPI. Any such new location will need to obtain GMP certification. Such annexation, or the threat of such annexation, may also negatively impact our ability to monetize our investment in JPI, affect the timing of any public listing in China, and negatively impact JPI’s results of operation and financial condition, and ultimately impair our investment in JPI. The value of the RMB fluctuates and is subject to changes in China’s political and economic conditions. Historically, the Chinese government has benchmarked the RMB exchange ratio against the U.S. dollar, thereby mitigating the associated foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk; however, no assurances can be given that the risks related to currency deviations of the RMB will not increase in the future. Additionally, the RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. Our business is capital intensive and we may need additional operating capital. Our business and operations are substantially dependent on the availability of enough cash to: (i) finance the costs of sales and marketing of our ONKO-SURE tm cancer test kits; and (ii) fund ongoing selling, general and administrative expenses of our business. Our existing cash resources may be insufficient to meet our long term needs. At April 14, 2010, we had cash on hand in the U.S. of approximately $6.4 million. We require approximately $300,000 per month to fund the costs associated with our financing activities; SEC and NYSE reporting; legal and accounting expenses of being a public company; other general administrative expenses; research and development, regulatory compliance, and distribution activities related to ONKO-SURE tm test kit; the operation of a USFDA approved pharmaceutical manufacturing facility; the development of international distribution of the Company’s planned HPE-based cosmetics product line; and compensation of executive management. Accordingly, in the future we may require additional operating capital to meet these needs. No assurances can be given that we will be able to obtain additional financing in the future, if needed for our operations. 11 Our independent registered public accounting firm has included a going concern paragraph in their report on our financial statements. While our independent registered public accounting firm expressed an unqualified opinion on our consolidated financial statements, our independent registered public accounting firm did include an explanatory paragraph indicating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to our significant operating loss in 2009, our negative cash flows from operations through December 31, 2009 and our accumulated deficit at December 31, 2009. Our ability to continue as an operating entity currently depends, in large measure, upon our ability to generate additional capital resources. In light of this situation, it is not likely that we will be able to raise equity. While we seek ways to continue to operate by securing additional financing resources or alliances or other partnership agreements, o ther than the exercise of outstanding warrants, we do not at this time have any other commitments or agreements which provide for additional capital resources. Our financial condition and the going concern emphasis paragraph may also make it more difficult for us to maintain existing customer relationships and to initiate and secure new customer relationships. Our current products cannot be sold in certain countries if we do not obtain and maintain regulatory approval. We manufacture, distribute and market our products for their approved indications. These activities are subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal governmental authorities in the U.S., such as the USFDA and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (formerly Health Care Financing Administration) and the SFDA by certain foreign countries, including some in the European Union. Currently, we (or our distributors) are required in the U.S. and in foreign countries to obtain approval from those countries’ regulatory authorities before we can market and sell our products in those countries. Obtaining regulatory approval is costly and may take many years, and after it is obtained, it remains costly to maintain. The USFDA and foreign regulatory agencies have substantial discretion to terminate any clinic al trials, require additional testing, delay or withhold registration and marketing approval and mandate product withdrawals. In addition, later discovery of unknown problems with our products or manufacturing processes could result in restrictions on such products and manufacturing processes, including potential withdrawal of the products from the market. If regulatory authorities determine that we have violated regulations or if they restrict, suspend or revoke our prior approvals, they could prohibit us from manufacturing or selling our products until we comply, or indefinitely. Our future prospects will be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful in pending litigation over the CIT technology. As noted elsewhere in this Registration Statment, we are engaged in litigation with AcuVector and with the Governors of the University of Alberta over our CIT technology. We believe that both actions are without merit. We believe that we will be able to settle this case during the second quarter of 2010. Yet, if either AcuVector or the University is successful in their claims, we may be liable for substantial damages, our rights to the technology will be adversely affected, and our future prospects for exploiting or licensing the CIT technology will be significantly impaired. The value of intangible assets may not be equal to their carrying values. Our intangible asset is the CIT technology, which we acquired from Dr. Chang in August 2001. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, we are required to evaluate the carrying value of this asset, including the related amortization periods. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an intangible asset may not be recoverable, we determine whether there has been an impairment by comparing the anticipated undiscounted cash flows from the operation and eventual disposition of the product line with its carrying value. If the undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value, the amount of the impairment, if any, will be determined by comparing the carrying value of this intangible asset with its fair value. Fair value is gener ally based on either a discounted cash flows analysis or market analysis. Future operating income is based on various assumptions, including regulatory approvals, patents being granted, and the type and nature of competing products. Patent approval for eight original claims related to the CIT technology was obtained in May 2004 and a continuation patent application was filed in 2004 for a number of additional claims. No regulatory approval has been requested for our CIT technology and we may not have the funds to conduct the clinical trials which would be required to obtain regulatory approval for our CIT technology. Accordingly, we entered into a five year collaboration agreement to create one or more clinical trials that would lead to gaining governmental approval in the country of India. If our CIT technology is unable to pass the clinical trials required to obtain regulatory approval, or if regulatory approvals or patents are not obtained or are substantially delayed, or other competing technologies are developed and obtain general market acceptance, or market conditions otherwise change, our CIT technology and other intangible technology may have a substantially reduced value, which could be material. As intangible assets represent a substantial portion of assets in our consolidated balance sheet, any substantial deterioration of value would significantly impact our reported consolidated financial position and our reported consolidated operating results. 12 If our intellectual property positions are challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or if we fail to prevail in future intellectual property litigation, our business could be adversely affected. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. To date, there has emerged no consistent policy regarding breadth of claims allowed in such companies’ patents. Third parties may challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents and patent applications relating to our products, product candidates and technologies. In addition, our patent positions might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies because competing products or technologies may not infringe our patents. We face substantial competition, and others may discover, develop, acquire or commercialize products before or more successfully than we do. We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products compete with other products or treatments for diseases for which our products may be indicated. Additionally, some of our competitors market products or are actively engaged in research and development in areas where we are developing product candidates. Large pharmaceutical corporations have greater clinical, research, regulatory and marketing resources than we do. In addition, some of our competitors may have technical or competitive advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes. These resources may make it difficult for us to compete with them to successfully discover, develop and market new products. We have limited sales of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit and are reliant on our distributors for sales of our products. Virtually all of our operating revenues in the U.S, came from the sale of ONKO-Sure™ to distributor research users in foreign markets or from sales to a few domestic customers of certain OEM products. Historically, we have not received any substantial orders from any of our customers or distributors of ONKO-SURE tm test kits. For the year ended December 31, 2009, virtually all of our U.S. revenues were derived from sales of ONKO-SURE tm test kits to our distributors. However, in 2009 our U.S. sales substantially increased in comparison to prior years. To maintain exclusive rights in assigned territo ries, distribution partners must provide product marketing, sales management, logistics support and meet contractual product minimums. Failing that, it is the Company’s prerogative to downgrade distribution partners to non-exclusive status or terminate agreements. Although our distributor network is increasing, any projection of future orders or sales of ONKO-SURE tm test kits is unreliable. In addition, the amount of ONKO-SURE tm test kits purchased by our distributors can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including market challenges of commercializing a recently approved biotech product, budget cycles and the amount of resources available for marketing programs, demand creation activities, and outreach to appropriate healthcare professionals and targeted markets. We have a significant amount of relatively short term indebtedness that is in default and we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to pay interest and principal thereon when due. As of April 14, 2010, we have the following approximate amounts of outstanding short term indebtedness: (i) Accounts payable of approximately $2 million; (ii) An $85,000 unsecured bridge loan bearing interest at 12% per annum which was due October 9, 2009 and obligations under a consulting agreement aggregating $144,000 due to Cantone Research, Inc. and Cantone Asset Management, LLC under a consulting agreement. (iii) Approximately $2.5 million in principal amount of unsecured convertible notes bearing interest at 10% per annum due September 15, 2010; (iv) Approximately $3.6 million senior unsecured promissory notes bearing interest at 18% per annum, payable quarterly in cash, portions of which principal were due in December 2010 and the balance of the principal and unpaid interest is due at varying dates through 2012; (v) Approximately $11 million represented by a series of 12% Convertible Notes which are due at various dates in March and April in 2012; 13 We are attempting to obtain stockholder approval to restructure and convert a significant portion of the indebtedness referred to in (ii), (iii) and (iv) above; however, there can be no assurance that such indebtedness will be restructured, converted into equity or that the requisite approvals therefore can be obtained. Absent approval of our stockholders and the NYSE Amex to restructure these obligations or the receipt of a new financing or series of financings, our current operations do not generate sufficient cash to pay the interest and principal on these obligations when they become due. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to pay these or other obligations which we may incur in the future. We are subject to risks associated with our foreign distributors. Our business strategy includes the continued dependence on foreign distributors for our ONKO-SURE tm test kits. To date, we have not been successful in generating a significant increase in sales for ONKO-SURE tm test kits through distribution channels in existing markets or in developing distribution channels in new markets. We are also subject to the risks associated with our distributor’s operations, including: (i) fluctuations in currency exchange rates; (ii) compliance with local laws and other regulatory requirements; (iii) restrictions on the repatriation of funds; (iv) inflationary conditions; (v) political and economic instability; (vi) war or other hostilities; (vii) overlap of tax structures; and (viii) expropriation or nationalization of assets. The inability to manage these and other risks effectively could adversely affect our business. If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act related to accounting controls and procedures or if the material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal accounting procedures are not remediated, our stock price could decline significantly. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act required annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting commencing December 31, 2007. Our management has concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 and for the two years ended December 31, 2009, fairly present in all material respects our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Our management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 based on the control criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control — Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. During its evaluation, as of December 31, 2009 our management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and other deficiencies as described in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. As a result, our investors could los e confidence in us, which could result in a decline in our stock price. We are taking steps to remediate our material weaknesses, as described in Item 9A. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude in the future that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our stock could decline significantly. In addition, we cannot be cert ain that additional material weaknesses or other significant deficiencies in our internal controls will not be discovered in the future. We have limited product liability insurance. We currently produce products for clinical studies and for investigational purposes. We are producing our products in commercial sale quantities, which will increase as we receive various regulatory approvals in the future. There can be no assurance, however, that users will not claim that effects other than those intended may result from our products, including, but not limited to claims alleged to be related to incorrect diagnoses leading to improper or lack of treatment in reliance on test results. In the event that liability claims arise out of allegations of defects in the design or manufacture of our products, one or more claims for damages may require the expenditure of funds in defense of such claims or one or more substantial awards of damages against us, and may have a material adverse effect on us by reason of our inab ility to defend against or pay such claims. We carry product liability insurance for any such claims, but only in an amount equal to $2,000,000 per occurrence, and $2,000,000 aggregate liability, which may be insufficient to cover all claims that may be made against us. 14 Risks Relating to Our Securities Insiders have substantial control over us, and they could delay or prevent a change in our corporate control even if our other stockholders wanted it to occur. Our executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders own, in the aggregate, approximately [ ]% of our outstanding common stock at April 30, 2010. These stockholders are able to control all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This could delay or prevent an outside party from acquiring or merging with us even if our other stockholders wanted it to occur. There may not be sufficient liquidity in the market for our securities in order for investors to sell their securities. There is currently only a limited public market for our common stock, which is listed on the NYSE Amex and there can be no assurance that a trading market will develop further or be maintained in the future. During the month of April 2010, our common stock traded an average of approximately 7.6 million shares per day, although most days the volume was in the one million to two million share range. As of April 29, 2010 the closing bid price of our common stock was $1.04 per share. As of April 29, 2010, we had approximately 850 shareholders of record of our common stock stock, not including shares held in street na me. In addition, during the past two years our common stock has had a trading range with a low price of $0.22 per share and a high price of $4.18 per share. The outstanding warrants may adversely affect us in the future and cause dilution to existing stockholders. There are currently approximately 23,083,327 warrants outstanding. The terms of these warrants expire as early as September 2010 and as late April 2015. The exercise price of these warrants range from $0.28 per share to $4.74 per share, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. Exercise of the warrants may cause dilution in the interests of other shareholders as a result of the additional Common Stock that would be issued upon exercise. In addition, sales of the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants could have a depressive effect on the price of our stock, particularly if there is not a coinciding increase in demand by purchasers of our Common Stock. Further, the terms on which we may obtain additional financing during the period any of the w arrants remain outstanding may be adversely affected by the existence of these warrants as well. Our stock price and financing may be adversely affected by outstanding warrants and convertible securities. We have a significant number of warrants outstanding and a large amount of convertible notes which “over hang” the market for the Company’s common stock. As of April 29, 2010, we had warrants outstanding that are currently exercisable for up to an aggregate of approximately 23,083,327 shares at a weighted average exercise price of $1.00 per share; approximately 41,643,869 shares of common stock potentially issuable on conversion of our 10% convertible notes at $1.20 per share and our various issues of 12% convertible notes exercisable and varying fixed prices and formula prices. The existence of, and/or exercise of all or a portion of these sec urities, create a negative and potentially depressive effect on our stock price because investors recognize that they “over hang” the market at this time Our common stock may be considered a “penny stock” and may be difficult to sell. The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a “penny stock” to be an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per share and, therefore, it may be designated as a “penny stock” according to SEC rules. This designation requires any broker or dealer selling these securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction, obtain a written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These rules may restrict the ability of brokers or dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their shares. 15 The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses which could adversely impact investors in our stock. Penny stocks are frequent targets of fraud or market manipulation. Patterns of fraud and abuse include: · Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; · Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; · “Boiler room" practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; · Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and · Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any regular scheduled cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings to finance and support our growth strategy. If we do not timely file and have declared effective the registration statement to register the shares being offered by the selling stockholders named herein, we will be subject to liquidated damages. Pursuant to the Note Financings, we entered into a registration rights agreement to register all of the shares being offered by the selling stockholders named in this prospectus. We are obligated to file this registration statement by May 3, 2010 and have this registration statement declared effective by the SEC no later than the earlier of (a) five (5) days after oral or written notice by the SEC that it may be declared effective or (b) June 1, 2010. We must keep this registration statement continuously effective until all of the securities covered by it have been sold pursuant to it or until all of the securities registered herein may be sold without registration under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. Although we believe that we and our advisors will be able to take all steps necessary to timely file and maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement, it may be impractical for us to respond to the SEC in a manner that permits us to have the registration statement declared effective in the time periods agreed. If we do not meet these timelines, then a Trigger Event (as defined in the Notes) shall be deemed to have occurred under the Notes and, in addition to the Trigger Effects (as defined in the Notes) and any other remedies available (and not as liquidated damages), a penalty equal to $100 per day shall be added to the principal balance of the Notes for so long as the Registration Statement remains unfiled or not effective, although there is a $10,000 cap for fees associated with not having the Registration Statement declared effective on time. 16 Our stock price is volatile, which could adversely affect your investment. The market price of our Common Stock has been and will likely continue to be highly volatile, as is the stock market in general. Some of the factors that may materially affect the market price of our common stock are beyond our control, such as changes in financial estimates by industry and securities analysts, conditions or trends in the industry in which we operate or sales of our common stock, as well as: · clinical trial results; · product development announcements by us or our competitors; · regulatory matters; · announcements in the scientific and research community; · intellectual property and legal matters; · broader industry and market trends unrelated to our performance; · economic markets in Asia; and · competition in local Chinese markets where JPI sells it’s product. These factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our performance. In addition, the public stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility. This volatility has significantly affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, if our revenues or operating results in any period fail to meet the investment community’s expectations, there could be an immediate adverse impact on our stock price. ITEM 4. USE OF PROCEEDS We have registered these shares because of registration rights granted to the Lenders in our recent private debt financing and the other selling shareholders. We will not receive any proceeds upon the conversion of the Notes into shares of our common stock, however, we received net proceeds of approximately $6,475,000 from the initial sale of all of the Notes issued in March and April of 2010 and we could receive up to approximately $4,000,000, net of fees and expenses, from the exercise of the Warrants issued in connection with this financing, when and if exercised. The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes and any proceeds received from the exercise of the Warrants have been and will be used as set forth in the table below. The following table represents estimates only. The actual amounts may vary from these estimates. Net Funds Received from Sale of the Notes (in thousands) $ Use of funds - Research & development - Working capital Total $ 17 ITEM 5. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE Not applicable. ITEM 6. DILUTION Not applicable. ITEM 7. SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning the resale of the shares of common stock by the selling shareholders (the “Selling Shareholders”). None of the Selling Shareholders nor any of their affiliates has held any position or office with, been employed by or otherwise has had any material relationship with us or our affiliates during the three years prior to the date of this prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated below, none of the Selling Shareholders are broker-dealers or affiliates of a broker-dealer within the meaning of Section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act. This prospectus relates to the offering and sale, from time to time, of up to [ ] shares of our common stock held by the stockholders named in the table below. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the SEC, and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except as indicated in the footnotes to the table, we believe, based on information by each selling stockholder, that each selling stockholder possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to all of the shares of common stock owned by that selling stockholder. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a stockholder and the percentage ownership of that stockholder, shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that stockholder that are currently exercisable or are exercisable within 60 days after the date of the table are deemed outstanding. Those shares, however, are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpos e of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. As of April 29, 2010, we have [ ] shares of common stock outstanding, not including the shares of common stock underlying any outstanding notes or warrants. The selling stockholders may sell all or some of the shares of common stock they are offering, and may sell shares of our common stock otherwise than pursuant to this prospectus. The table below assumes that each selling stockholder converts all of the Notes and exercises all of the Warrants and sells all of the shares issued upon conversion and exercise thereof, respectively, and that each selling stockholder sells all of the shares offered by it in offerings pursuant to this prospectus, and does not acquire any additional shares. We are unable to determine the exact number of shares that will actually be sold or when or if these sales will occur. See “Plan of Distribution.” We will not receive any proceeds from the resale of the common stock by the Selling Shareholders. We estimate that our costs and expenses of registering the shares listed herein for resale will be approximately $[ ]. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the Selling Shareholder table below, all of the Selling Shareholders received their shares pursuant to the Note Financings, which are described above in The Note Financings . Name of Selling Stockholder Amount of securities of the class owned by such security holder prior to the offering (1) Amount to be offered for the security holder's account (2) Amount of the class to be owned by such security holder after completion of the offering (3) Percentage Ownership After Offering (4) Alpha Capital Anstalt (5) 2,222,261 2,222,261(6) American Capital Ventures (7) 222,227 222,227 (8) 0 0% Anthony Cantone (9) 888,908 888,908 (10) 0 0% Aria Opportunity Fund, Ltd. (11) 933,353 933,353 (12) 0 0% Barry Zeffren (13) 88,891 88,891 (14) 0 0% Brio Capital, LP (15) 888,908 888,908 (16) 0 0% Bristol Investment Fund, Ltd. (17) 1,777,816 1,777,816 (18) 0 0% Capital Ventures International (19) 3,555,632 3,555,632 (20) 0 0% Cranshire Capital, LLP (21) 2,022,063 2,022,063 (22) 0 0% 18 Fairfield Investment Group, LLC (23) 1,777,816 1,777,816 (24) 0 0% FreeStone Advantage Partners (25) 200,003 200,003 (26) 0 0% Gemini Master Fund, Ltd. (27) 1,777,816 1,777,816(28) 0 0% Genesis Asset Opportunity Fund (29) 888,908 888,908 (30) 0 0% HUG Funding, LLC (31) 1,333,362 1,333,362 (32) 0 0% Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (33) 888,908 888,908 (34) 0 0% Iroquois Master Fund, Ltd. (35) 1,777,816 1,777,816 (36) 0 0% Jeffrey W. Benton (37) 888,908 888,908 (38) 0 0% Joel D. Fedder (39) 1,333,362 1,333,362(40) 0 0% Lindsay Rosenwald (41) 888,908 888,908(42) 0 0% Micro PIPE Fund I, LLC (43) 888,908 888,908(44) 0 0% Momona Capital Corp (45) 888,908 888,908(46) M-S Family Foundation (47) 888,908 888,908(48) 0 0% Mstar Net, LLC (49) 4,800,000 4,800,000(50) 0 0% Oasis Investments, Ltd. (51) 3,111,178 3,111,178(52) 0 0% Octagon Capital, LP (53) 2,666,724 2,666,724(54) 0 0% Paragon Capital LP (55) 888,908 888,908(56) 0 0% Parsoon Opportunity Fund, Ltd. (57) 400,009 400,009(58) 0 0% Richard Molinsky (59) 444,454 444,454(60) 0 0% Security Courier Corporation Pension Plan (61) 888,908 888,908(62) 0 0% Sherbrooke Partners, LLC (63) 888,908 888,908(64) 0 0% St. George Investments, LLC (65) 9,850,207 9,850,207(66) 0 0% Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. (67) 1,333,362 1,333,362(68) 0 0% The Stacy Grp, LLC (69) 1,777,816 1,777,816(70) 0 0% Warberg Opportunistic Trading Fund, LP (71) 888,908 888,908(72) 0 0% WhiteFish Group, LLC (73) 1,777,816 1,777,816(74) 0 0% White Star, LLC (75) 888,908 888,908(76) 0 0% Catawba, Ltd. (77) 900,000 900,000(78) 0 0% Boston Financial Partners (79) 100,000 100,000(80) 0 0% JFS Investments (81) 720,000 720,000(82) 0 0% LWP 1, Ltd. (83) 900,000 900,000(84) 0 0% Garden State Securities(85) 480,000 480,000(86) 0 0% Massey Brothers (Feeds) Ltd. EPP (87) 17,000 17,000(88) 0 0% Malcolm Ramage (89) 5,000 5,000(90) 0 0% Michael Shah (91) 4,600 4,600(92) 0 0% Peter Sargent (93) 8,600 8,600(94) 0 0% Ian Godber (95) 8,450 8,450(96) 0 0% 19 Simon Garrod (97) 4,500 4,500(98) 0 0% Roger Hales (99) 7,900 7,900(100) 0 0% David A. Bradfield (101) 50,000 50,000 (102) 0 0% Zainab Kasmani (103) 16,850 16,850(104) 0 0% Jonathan Davies (105) 14,000 14,000(106) 0 0% Mayur Naturbhai Patel (107) 100,000 100,000(108) 0 0% Gerald F. Carroll (109) 20,000 20,000 (110) 0 0% Christopher J. Macey (111) 26,000 26,000(112) 0 0% Zamir & Parigul Afghan (113) 11,750 11,750(114) 0 0% Paul Brian Meades (115) 25,000 25,000(116) 0 0% Stephen Charles White (117) 37,000 37,000(118) 0 0% Berrick Industries (119) 250,000 250,000(120) 0 0% Gyronix USA LLC Nicholas Tipler(121) 20,000 20,000(122) 0 0% Brian JB & Jean Alice Adam (123) 100,000 100,000(124) 0 0% Rollo F. Thistlethwaite Thompson (125) 25,000 25,000(126) 0 0% Cormac O'Connell (127) 175,000 175,000(128) 0 0% Patrick Joseph Byrne (129) 48,750 48,750(130) 0 0% Stuart Sheppard (131) 125,000 125,000(132) 0 0% Stephen Faun (133) 5,380 5,380(134) 0 0% PJ Meegan-Rotec Precision Eng. Ret. Plan Trust (135) 50,000 50,000(136) 0 0% Steve and Linda Noble (137) 5,200 5,200(138) 0 0% Julian Mark Williams (139) 46,950 46,950(140) 0 0% Philip & Adele Nielsen (141) 75,000 75,000(142) 0 0% Michael Villers (143) 9,750 9,750(144) 0 0% Peter Wells (145) 9,700 9,700(146) 0 0% Robert Keith (147) 5,000 5,000(148) 0 0% Wojciech Brykalski(149) 5,000 5,000(150) 0 0% Richard Brothers (151) 6,990 6,990(152) 0 0% Roger Huxtable (153) 25,000 25,000(154) 0 0% John Duffy (155) 100,000 100,000(156) 0 0% Mr. Anish Shah & Mr. Keshavlal Popat Shah (157) 25,000 25,000(158) 0 0% Allan Stuart Pulford (159) 11,888 11,888(160) 0 0% John Richardson (161) 9,950 9,950(162) 0 0% Richard Z. Boyers (163) 25,000 25,000(164) 0 0% Charles B. Wilson (165) 10,500 10,500(166) 0 0% Simon Jackson (167) 5,100 5,100(168) 0 0% Michael Trainor (169) 9,973 9,973(170) 0 0% Henry Bladon and Alex Larkin (171) 100,000 100,000(172) 0 0% Brendan Quinn Pharmacy (173) 10,000 10,000(174) 0 0% 20 Manor Park Care Ltd (175) 50,000 50,000(176) 0 0% Mark David Mercer (177) 22,800 22,800(178) 0 0% Patrick Graham (179) 30,000 30,000(180) 0 0% Brittex Real Estate Corp Ltd (181) 10,600 10,600(182) 0 0% Neil John Bayley (183) 27,999 27,999(184) 0 0% Eyes Right Opticians Ltd (185) 7,000 7,000(186) 0 0% Charles W. & Elisa Q. Gregg, JTWROS (187) 25,000 25,000(188) 0 0% Garett & Cherie Guidroz (189) 9,750 9,750(190) 0 0% Lamar Loe(191) 250,000 250,000(192) 0 0% F. Larry Holcomb (193) 50,000 50,000(194) 0 0% John P. Christensen (195) 100,000 100,000(196) 0 0% William and Sally Atkins Living Trust (197) 20,000 20,000(198) 0 0% John E. Nash (199) 25,000 25,000(200) 0 0% Mel Gober (201) 25,000 25,000(202) 0 0% James J. Guistolisi (203) 50,000 50,000(204) 0 0% Carl E. Mayer (205) 40,000 40,000(206) 0 0% Todd Loudin (207) 25,000 25,000(208) 0 0% Palmer G. Arnold (209) 25,000 25,000(210) 0 0% Kadirawel Iswara (211) 50,000 50,000(212) 0 0% Winston Ledlee (213) 5,800 5,800(214) 0 0% Richard Gender (215) 9,270 9,270(216) 0 0% Jesup & Lamont Securities Corporation (217) 63,333 63,333 (218) 0 0% Ed Cabrera (219) 30,000 30,000 (220) 0 0% Todd Havermeister (221) 30,000 30,000 (222) 0 0% Robert Giordano (223) 25,000 25,000 (224) 0 0% Steve Oloughlin (225) 5,000 5,000 (226) 0 0% Brian Reschke (227) 5,000 5,000 (228) 0 0% Dawson James Securities (229) 20,401 20,401 (230) 0 0% David Weinstein (231) 12,833 12,833 (232) 0 0% Richard Aulicino (233) 2,541 2,541 (234) 0 0% Tom Curtis (235) 875 875 (236) 0 0% Alan Greenstein (237) 533 533 (238) 0 0% Robert D. Keyser, Jr. (239) 3,250 3,250 (240) 0 0% Albert Poliak (241) 3,250 3,250 (242) 0 0% Douglas Kaiser (243) 3,250 3,250 (244) 0 0% Frank Salvatore (245) 3,250 3,250 (246) 0 0% Thomas Hands (247) 325 325 (248) 0 0% William Fox (249) 325 325 (250) 0 0% * Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent of our outstanding shares. 21 1) Unless otherwise noted, the Selling Stockholder became one of our shareholders pursuant to one of the closings of the Note Financings we completed on March 26, 2010, April 8, 2010, April 13, 2010 or April 26, 2010. Accordingly, prior to the Offering, the Selling Stockholder only owned shares of common stock underlying the Notes and Warrants received in the Financing (the “Securities”); however, based upon the terms of the Notes and the Warrants, holders may not convert the Notes and/or exercise the warrants, if on any date, such holder would be deemed the beneficial owner of more than 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. Therefore, although the Selling Stockholder owns the right to the number of shares listed in this column, it disclaims any beneficial ownership of Securities exceeding the ownership cap. 0; 2) Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement we entered into with the Lenders of the Note Financings, we agreed to register all of the shares underlying the Notes and the Warrants, as well as any shares we believe may be issued pursuant to the final conversion price or exercise price of the Notes or Warrants, respectively, and pursuant to an adjustment in such price as per the terms of the Note and Warrant. However, under the Agreement, our obligation to register all such shares shall initially be satisfied by the registration of that number of shares of common stock which is at least equal to the sum of (i) the principal amount of the note plus one year of interest at the rate of 12% divided by the Floor Price of the Note, which is $.28 and (ii) the number of shares of common stock underlying the Lender’s warrant. Therefo re, the numbers in this column represent such initial number of shares to be registered that will satisfy our registration obligations. 3) Since we do not have the ability to control how many, if any, of their shares each of the selling shareholders listed above will sell, we have assumed that the selling shareholders will sell all of the shares offered herein for purposes of determining how many shares they will own after the Offering and their percentage of ownership following the offering. 4) All Percentages have been rounded up to the nearest one hundredth of one percent. 5) The address of Alpha Capital Anstlat is 150 Central Park South, New York, New York 10019. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Alpha is Arie Rabinowitz, Authorized Agent. 6) This represents the following shares: 1,529,482 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 183,538 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 509,241 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 7) The address of American Capital Ventures is 2875 NE 191 Street, Suite 904, Aventura, FL 33180. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over American Capital is Howard Gostfrand, Authorized Agent. 8) This represents the following shares: 152,946 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 18,254 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 50,927 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 9) The address of Anthony Cantone is 766 Shrewsberry Avenue, Tinton Falls, New Jersey 077224. 10) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 11) The address of Aria Opportunity Fund, Ltd. is 60 Wall Street, 13th Floor, New York, New York 10005. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Aria is Lawrence Hung, Authorized Agent. 12) This represents the following shares: 642,375 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 77,085 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 213,893 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 13) The address of Barry Zeffren. is 8150 Amherst, St. Louis, Missouri 63130. 14) This represents the following shares: 61,179 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 7,341 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 20,371 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 22 15) The address of Brio Capital, LP. is 401 East 34th Street, New York, New York 10016. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Brio is [ ], Authorized Agent. 16) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 17) The address of Bristol Investment Fund, Ltd. is 6353 West Sunset Boulevard, Suite 4006, Hollywood, California 90028. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Bristol is Amy Wang, Esq., Authorized Agent. 18) This represents the following shares: 1,223,571 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 146,829 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 407,416 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 19) The address of Capital Ventures International is 101 California Street, Suite 3250, San Francisco, California 94111. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Capital Ventures is Sam Winer, Authorized Agent. 20) This represents the following shares: 2,447,143 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 293,657 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 814,832 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 21) The address of Cranshire Capital, LLP is 3100 Dundee Road, Suite 703, Northbrook, Illinois 60062. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Cranshire is Dan Schneierson, Authorized Agent. 22) This represents the following shares: 1,391,796 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 167,015 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 463,251 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 23) The address of Fairfield Investment Group, LLC is 2 Central Avenue, Madison, New Jersey 07940. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Fairfield is Mark Schalles, Authorized Agent. 24) This represents the following shares: 1,223,572 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 146,828 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 407,416 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 25) The address of Free Stone Advantage Partners is 3100 Dundee Road, Suite 703, Northbrook, Illinois 60062. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Free Stone is Dan Schneierson, Authorized Agent. 26) This represents the following shares: 137,650 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 16,518 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 45,835 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 27) The address of Gemini Master Fund, Ltd. is 135 Liverpool Drive, Suite C, Cardiff, California 92007. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Gemini is Steven Winters, Authorized Agent. 28) This represents the following shares: 1,223,571 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 146,829 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 407,416 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 29) The address of Genesis Asset Opportunity Fund is 61 Paine Avenue, New Rochelle, New York 10804. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Genesis is Ethan Benovitz, Authorized Agent. 30) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 31) The address of HUG Funding, LLC is 61 Paine Avenue, New Rochelle, New York 10804. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over HUG is Ethan Benovitz, Authorized Agent. 32) This represents the following shares: 917,679 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 110,121 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 305,562 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 33) The address of Hudson Bay Capital Management LP is 120 Broadway, 40th Floor, New York, New York 10271. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Hudson is Yoav Roth, Authorized Agent. 34) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 35) The address of Iroquois Master Fund, Ltd. is 6411 Lexington Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10022. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Iroquois is [ ], Authorized Agent. 36) This represents the following shares: 1,223,571 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 146,829 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 407,416 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 23 37) The address of Jeffrey Benton is 9 Highland Avenue, Madison, New Jersey 07940. 38) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 39) The address of Joel D. Fedder is 3590 Mistletoe Lane, Long Boat Key, Florida 34228. 40) This represents the following shares: 917,679 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 110,121 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 305,562 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 41) The address of Lindsay Rosenwald is 787 Seventh Avenue, 48th Floor, New York, New York 10019. 42) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 43) The address of Micro PIPE Fund I, LLC is 301 Mission Avenue, Suite 209, Oceanside, California 92054. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Micro is [ ], Authorized Agent. 44) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 45) The address of Momona Capital Corp is 150 Central Park South, New York, New York, 10019. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Momona is Arie Rabinowitz, Authorized Agent. 46) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 47) The address of M-S Family Foundation is 242 4th Street, Lakewood, New Jersey 08701. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over M-S is Soshana Englander, Authorized Agent. 48) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 49) The address of MSTAR.Net, LLC is 303 East Wacker Drive, Suite 1200, Chicago, Illinois 60601. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over MSTAR is John Fife, Authorized Agent. 50) This represents the following shares: 3,303,571 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 396,429 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 1,100,000 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 51) The address of Oasis Investments, Ltd. is The Center 99 Queen's Road Central, Suite 2136, 21st Floor, Central Hong Kong. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Oasis is Phillip Meyer, Authorized Agent. 52) This represents the following shares: 2,141,250 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 256,950 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 712,978 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 53) The address of Octagon Capital, LLP is 155 West 68th Street, #27E, New York, New York 10023. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Octagon is Steven Hart, Authorized Agent. 54) This represents the following shares: 1,835,357 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 220,243 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 611,124 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 55) The address of Paragon Capital, LP is 110 East 59th Street, 29th Floor, New York, New York 10022. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Paragon is Alan Donenfeld, Authorized Agent. 56) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 57) The address of Parsoon Opportunity Fund, Ltd. is 60 Wall Street, 13th Floor, New York, New York 10005. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Parsoon is Lawrence Hung, Authorized Agent. 58) This represents the following shares: 275,304 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 33,036 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 91,669 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 59) The address of Richard Molinsky is 51 Lords Highway East, Weston, Connecticut 06883. 60) This represents the following shares: 305,893 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 36,707 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 101,854 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 61) The address of Security Courier Corporation is 620 Revere Beach Boulevard, Revere, Massachusetts 02151. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Security is [ ], Authorized Agent. 24 62) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 63) The address of Sherbrooke Partners, LLC is c/o Burnham Hill, 590 Madison Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10022. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Sherbrooke is Matthew Balk, Authorized Agent. 64) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 65) The address of St. George Investments, LLC is 303 East Wacker Drive, Suite 1200, Chicago, Illinois 60601. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Pension is John Fife, Authorized Agent. 66) This represents the following shares: 6,607,285 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 792,875 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 2,200,047 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing; as well as 250,000 shares we issued to St. George Investments, LLC pursuant to the Waiver of Trigger Event we entered into with them on October 23, 2009. (See St. George Default Note Waiver above). 67) The address of Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. is 60 Wall Street, 13th Floor, New York, New York 10005. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Tenor is Lawrence Hung, Authorized Agent. 68) This represents the following shares: 917,679 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 110,121 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 305,562 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 69) The address of The Stacy Grp, LLC is201 South Biscayne Boulevard, 28th Floor, Miami, Florida 33131. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Stacy is S. Eisenberg, Authorized Agent. 70) This represents the following shares: 1,223,571 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 146,829 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 407,416 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 71) The address of Warberg Opportunistic Trading Fund, LP is 716 Oak Street, Winnetka, Illinois 60093. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Warberg is [ ], Authorized Agent. 72) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 73) The address of WhiteFish Group, LLC is 222 Rockaway Turnpike, Suite 4, Cedarhurst, New York 11516. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over WhiteFish is Jonathan Leifer, Authorized Agent. 74) This represents the following shares: 1,223,571 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 146,829 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 407,416 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 75) The address of White Star, LLC is 152 West 57th Street, 54th Floor, New York, New York 10019. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over White Star is Motti Fox, Authorized Agent. 76) This represents the following shares: 611,786 shares of common stock underlying the Note, 73,414 shares of common stock underlying one year of interest at the rate of 12% and 203,708 shares of common stock underlying the Warrant, all of which were issued pursuant to the Note Financing. 77) The address of Catawba, Ltd. is 22 Rue de las Berra, 1630 Bulle, Switzerland. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Catawba is [ ], Authorized Agent. 78) This represents shares of our common stock that Catawba received pursuant to [ ]. 79) The address of Boston Financial Partners is 8 Essex Center Drive, 2 nd Floor, Peabody, Massachusetts, 01960. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Boston Financial is [ ], Authorized Agent. 80) This represents shares of our common stock that Boston Financial received pursuant to [ ]. 81) The address of JFS Investments is 35 Crest Loop, Staten Island, New York 10312. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Crest Loop is [ ], Authorized Agent. 82) This represents shares of our common stock that Crest Loop received pursuant to [ ]. 83) The address of LWP 1, Ltd. is 90 Post Road, Westport Connecticut, [ ]. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over LWP is [ ], Authorized Agent. 84) This represents shares of our common stock that LWP received pursuant to [ ]. 85) The address of Garden State Securities is 1540 Route 138, Wall, New Jersey 07719. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Garden State is [ ], Authorized Agent. 86) This represents shares of our common stock that Garden State received pursuant to [ ]. 25 87) The address of Massey Brothers (Feeds) Ltd. EPP is Ceanage Mills, Holmes, Chappel, Chesire CW 8EE, UK. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Massey is [ ], Authorized Agent. 88) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 89) The address of Malcolm Ramage is 9 Wolfgill Drive, Dumfries Dumfriesshire DG1-4X4 UK. 90) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 91) The address of Michael Shah is 15 Cornfield Motham Rise Stalybridge SK 15-2VA UK. 92) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 93) The address of Peter Sargent is 4 High Street Winterbourne Bristol B5174-1JN UK. 94) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 95) The address of Ian Godber is 2 Newfield Ave Castleford West Yorkshire WF10-4BH UK. 96) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 97) The address of Simon Garrod is 11 Crown Gardens G129HL Scotland. 98) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 99) The address of Roger Hales is 12 Lumsden Way Balmedlie Aberdeen Scotland. This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. The address of David A. Bradfield is 280 Park Ave, Hull Eyork HU5-4DA UK. This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. The address of Zainab Kasmani is 37 Westminister Road, Morecambe England LA4-4JK UK. This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. The address of Jonathan Davies is 53 High Street Holywell Fintshire North Wales CH8-TTF UK. This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 100) The address of Mayur Naturbhai Patel is 177 Kingsley Road Middlesex England TW3-4AS UK. 101) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 102) The address of Gerald Carroll is 18 Anne Devlin Ave, Rathfarnham, 14 Dublin Ireland. 103) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 104) The address of Christopher Macey is Shepherds View New Pit Paulton Bristol B539-7PS UK. 105) This represents shares of our Common Stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 106) The address of Zamir & Parigul Afghan is Marley Wood Chilworth Rd, Southhampton Hampshire S016-7LA UK. 107) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 108) The address of Paul Meades is 79 Ladygate Lane Ruisleys Midox MA4-7QX. 109) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 110) The address of Stephen White is 109 Clarance Ave New Malden Surrey KT3-3TY UK. 111) This represents shares of our Common Stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 112) The address of Berrick Industries is Ballworig Business Park, Tralee Co. Kerry, Ireland. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Berrick is [ ], Authorized Agent. 113) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 114) The address of Gyronix USA is Eastbury Vicarage Road, Southborough, Kent, UK TN4-0SN. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Gyronix is [ ], Authorized Agent. 115) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 116) The address of Brian JB & Jean Alice Adam is 1 Tern Park, Newtownards, North Ireland. 26 117) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 118) The address of Rollo Thompson is West Lea Westbank Road, Skipton North Yorkshire, UK BD2301QT. 119) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 120) The address of Cormac O’Connell is Mount Mapas Victoria Road, Killiney County Dublin, Ireland. 121) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 122) The address of Patrick Byrne is Louglass Ballybinan Athy Co., Ildare, Ireland. 123) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 124) The address of Stuart Sheppard is 17 Lake Road, Chandlers Ford, Hampshire UK S0531E2. 125) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 126) The address of Stephen Faun is 2 Worieston Close, Middlewich Cheshire CW10-0R6 UK. 127) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 128) The address of PJ Meegan Trust is Harmony Court, Harmony Road, Dublin 2, Ireland. The person having voting and dispositive power over the PJ Meegan Trust is [ ], Authorized Agent. 129) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 130) The address of Steve and Linda Noble is Chequers, Little Bardfield, Braintree, Essex CM7 4TW. 131) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 132) The address of Julian Williams is Ludes Farm Stowey, Bristol BS39-4DW UK. 133) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 134) The address of Philip & Adele Nielsen is 8 Jonscraft Queensbury, Bradford West Yorkshire UK BD13-2LY. 135) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 136) The address of Michael Villers is 8 Sedgemere Two Mile Ash, Milton Keynes UK MK8-8DS. 137) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 138) The address of Peter Wells is 54 Book Lane, Harrold UK Mk43-7BW. 139) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 140) The address of Robert Keith is Clotacia Cootehill, Cavan, Ireland. 141) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 142) The address of Wojciech Brykalski is 33 Foxglove Avenue, Leeds, UK LS8-2QR. 143) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 144) The address of Richard Brothers is 29 Heaton Street, Standish, Wigan WN6-0DA UK. 145) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 146) The address of Roger Huxtable is c/o Transco Delivery Svcs. Ltd., 4 Maes Y Dderwen, Morriston, Swansea, West Glamorgan UK SA6-6ET. 147) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 148) The address of John Duffy is 7 Watermill Lawn Raheny, Dublin 5, Ireland. 149) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 150) The address of Mr. Anish Sha and Mr. Keshavlal Shah is 88 Warwick Avenue, Edgware, London, H48-8UJ. 151) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 152) The address of Allan Pulford is 9 Surrey Road, North Harrow, Middlesex H91-4NJ. 27 153) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 154) The address of John Richardson is High Pine Cottage, Upper Village Road, Sunninghill, Ascot Berks SL5-7AG. 155) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 156) The address of Richard Boyers is Unit 2 Prince Charles Drive, Immingham North East, Lincolnshire DN40-1QP. 157) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 158) The address of Charles Wilson is 1 Signal Hill Battery Road, N. Queensferry, Dunfermline Fift KY&11-2YB. 159) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 160) The address of Simon Jackson is Rowan Farm, Priory Road, Ruskington Sleaford NG34-9DJ. 161) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 162) The address of Michael Trainor is 16 Brennantown Avenue, Cabinteely, Dublin, Ireland. 163) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 164) The address of Henry Bladon and Alex Larkin is 4 Grove Park Road, Weston S-Mare, United Kingdom BS23-2LN. 165) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 166) The address of Brendan Pharmacy is Georges Street, Gort County, Galway, Ireland. The person with voting and dispositive power over Brendan Pharmacy is [ ], Authorized Agent. 167) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 168) The address of Manor Park Care Ltd. is 3 Ellenborough Park North Weston-Super-Mare North Somerset BS231XH. The person with voting and dispositive power over Manor Park is [ ], Authorized Agent. 169) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 170) The address of Mark Mercer is 12 Digmby Croft Milton Keynes, Bucks MK100BD. 171) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 172) The address of Patrick Graham is Bohernabreena Tallaght Dublin, Ireland. 173) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 174) The address of Brittex Real Estate Corp Ltd. is Richwood House 50-54 Fairview Road, Cheltenham GL522YP. The person with voting and dispositive power over Brittex is [ ], Authorized Agent. 175) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 176) The address of Neil Bayley is 88 High Street Wallaston, Stourbridge West Midlands. 177) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 178) The address of Eyes Right Opticians Ltd. is 12 Brakenwood Drive, Cheadle Chesire SK81JX. The person with voting and dispositive power over Eyes Right is [ ], Authorized Agent. 179) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 180) The address of Charles and Elisa Gregg, JTWROS is 950 Markham Woods Road, Longwood, Florida 32779. 181) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 182) The address of Mr. and Mrs, Guidroz is P.O. Box 2272, 7085 53rd Street, Vero Beach, Florida 32967. 183) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 184) The address of Lamar Loe is 23 Breakers Lane, Ridgeland, Mississippi 39157. 185) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 28 186) The address of F. Larry Holcomb is 721 Edgewood Drive, Sheffield, Alabama 35660. 187) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 188) The address of John Christenssen is 2900 North Flagler Drive, West Palm Beach, Florida 33407. 189) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 190) The address of the Atkins Living Trust is 807 Blairmont Drive, Boone, North Carolina 28607. The person with voting and dispositive power over the Atkins Living Trust is [ ], Authorized Agent. 191) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 192) The address of John Nash is 209 Main Street, North Brookfield, Massachusetts 01535. 193) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 194) The address of Mel Gober is 3072 Old Still Lane, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33331. 195) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 196) The address of James Guistolisi is 727 NE Bay Isle Drive, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. 197) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 198) The address of Carl Mayer is 5310 Kenosha Street, Richmond, Illinois 60071. 199) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 200) The address of Todd Loudin is 4508 Alpine Rose Bend, Elliott City, Maryland. 201) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 202) The address of Palmer Arnold is 15414 Carrillon Estates Boulevard, Tampa, Florida 33625. 203) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 204) The address of Kadirawel Iswara is 235 Tiber Place, Staten Island, New York 10301. 205) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 206) The address of Winston Ledlee is P.O. Box 11113, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands 00801. 207) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 208) The address of Richard Gender is 741 Kentstown Court, Winter Springs, Florida 32708. 209) This represents shares of our common stock underlying the selling shareholders 10% Convertible Note, including interest at the rate of 10% per annum for two years, all convertible at $1.20. 210) The address of Jesup is 650 Fifth Avenue, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Jesup is John Fife, Authorized Agent. 211) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Jesup, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 212) The address of Ed Cabreara is 650 Fifth Avenue, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. 213) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Jesup, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 214) The address of Todd Havermeister is 650 Fifth Avenue, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. 215) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Jesup, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 216) The address of Robert Giordano is 650 Fifth Avenue, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. . 217) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Jesup, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 218) The address of Steve Oloughlin is 650 Fifth Avenue, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. . 219) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Jesup, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 220) The address of Brian Reschke is 650 Fifth Avenue, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. . 221) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Jesup, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 222) The address of Dawson James is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. The person having voting, dispositive or investment powers over Dawson James is [ ], Authorized Agent. 223) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who was one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 29 224) The address of David Weinstein is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 225) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 226) The address of Richard Aulicino is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 227) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 228) The address of Tom Curtis is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 229) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 230) The address of Alan Greenstein is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 231) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 232) The address of Robert Keyser is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 233) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 234) The address of Albert Poliak is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 235) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 236) The address of Douglas Kaiser is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 237) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 238) The address of Frank Salvatore is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 239) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 240) The address of Thomas Hands is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 241) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. 242) The address of William Fox is 925 South Federal Highway, Suite 600, Boca Raton, Florida, 33432. 243) This represents shares underlying placement agent warrants issued to this selling shareholder, who is an affiliate of Dawson James, one of the placement agents in the offering of the 10% Convertible Notes. ITEM 8. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are registering the shares of common stock on behalf of the Selling Shareholders. The selling security holders and any of their pledgees, donees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock being offered under this prospectus on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which shares of our common stock are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. The selling security holders may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares: · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resales by the broker-dealer for its account; · an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; · privately negotiated transactions; · to cover short sales made after the date that the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part is declared effective by the Commission; 30 · broker-dealers may agree with the selling security holders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; · a combination of any of these methods of sale; and · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The shares may also be sold under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended if available, rather than under this prospectus. The selling security holders have the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase offer or make any sale of shares if they deem the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time. The selling security holders may pledge their shares to their brokers under the margin provisions of customer agreements. If a selling security holder defaults on a margin loan, the broker may, from time to time, offer and sell the pledged shares. Broker-dealers engaged by the selling security holders may arrange for other broker-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the selling security holders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, which commissions as to a particular broker or dealer may be in excess of customary commissions to the extent permitted by applicable law. If sales of shares offered under this prospectus are made to broker-dealers as principals, we would be required to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. In the post-effective amendment, we would be required to disclose the names of any participating broker-dealers and the compensation arrangements relating to such sales. The selling security holders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares offered under this prospectus may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with these sales. Commissions received by these broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Any broker-dealers or agents that are deemed to be underwriters may not sell shares offered under this prospectus unless and until we set forth the names of the underwriters and the material details of their underwriting arrangements in a supplement to this prospectus or, if required, in a replacement prospectus included in a post-effective amendment to the registr ation statement of which this prospectus is a part. The selling security holders and any other persons participating in the sale or distribution of the shares offered under this prospectus will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations under that act, including Regulation M. These provisions may restrict activities of, and limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares by, the selling security holders or any other person. Furthermore, under Regulation M, persons engaged in a distribution of securities are prohibited from simultaneously engaging in market making and other activities with respect to those securities for a specified period of time prior to the commencement of such distributions, subject to specified exceptions or exemptions. All of these limitations may affect the marketability of the shares. If any of the shares of common stock offered for sale pursuant to this prospectus are transferred other than pursuant to a sale under this prospectus, then subsequent holders could not use this prospectus until a post-effective amendment or prospectus supplement is filed, naming such holders. We offer no assurance as to whether any of the selling security holders will sell all or any portion of the shares offered under this prospectus. We have agreed to pay all fees and expenses we incur incident to the registration of the shares being offered under this prospectus. However, each selling security holder and purchaser is responsible for paying any discounts, commissions and similar selling expenses they incur. We and the selling security holders have agreed to indemnify one another against certain losses, damages and liabilities arising in connection with this prospectus, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 31 ITEM 9. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED Common Stock Our authorized capital consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $.001 par value per share. As of April 30, 2010, there were 29,231,112 shares of our common stock outstanding. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote per share on matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Stockholders do not have preemptive rights to purchase shares in any future issuance of our Common Stock. The holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to dividends out of funds legally available when and as declared by our board of directors. Our board of directors has never declared a dividend. Should we decide in the future to pay dividends, it will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including the company’s financial condition and the results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects, and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. Each share shall be entitled to the same dividend. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, ratably, the net assets available to stockholders after payment of all creditors.< /font> All of the issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. To the extent that additional shares of our Common Stock are issued, the relative interests of existing stockholders will be diluted. Notes Pursuant to the Note Financings, which we closed on March 22, April 8, April 13, and April 26, 2010, we issued an aggregate of approximately $11,000,000 Convertible Notes. (“Notes”) to an aggregate of 37 Lenders. The Notes issued pursuant to all of the financings are referred to herein as the Notes. But for an addendum we entered into at the second closing regarding the number of shares we can issue before receiving stockholder approval to issue more than 19.99% of our issued and outstanding common stock, the terms of the transaction and securities issued pursuant thereto were the same in each of the closings. If we fail to obtain such approval, an Event of Default under the Notes shall occur – the Notes issued in all of the Note Financings contain the same terms. We are also obligated to receive listing approval from NYSE Amex for the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note and exercise of the Warrant as soon as practicable after Closing, but in no event later than May 1, 2010. NYSE Amex approved the application for listing on April 19, 2010 for the shares issuable on conversion of the Notes and Warrants in the First Closing. An application was filed on April 20, 2010 with the NYSE Amex for listing approval of the shares issuable on conversion of the Notes or issuable on exercise of the Warrants in the Second Closing and the Third Closing. The Company has not yet applied for listing of the shares issuable on conversion of the Fourth Closing Notes or issuable on exercise of the Warrants issued in the Fourth Closing or pursuant to their Rights of Participation, but intends to do so in the near future. If we do not obtain NYSE Amex listing approv al, we will be in breach of our obligations under the Agreements. The Lenders have the right, at their sole option, to convert the Notes, in whole or in part into shares of our common stock. The number of shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion shall be determined by dividing (a) the amount sought to be converted by (b) the greater of (i) the Conversion Price (as defined below) at that time, or (ii) the Floor Price (as defined below). The Conversion Price is equal to 80% of the volume-weighted average price for the 5 trading days ending on the business day immediately preceding the applicable date the conversion is sought, as reported by Bloomberg, LP, or if such information is not then being reported by Bloomberg, then as reported by such other data information source as may be select ed by the Lender. The Floor Price is initially equal to $0.28 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including recapitalization, stock splits, and similar corporate actions. Additionally, if we issue any additional shares of common stock or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of common stock at a price lower than $0.28 per share, then the Floor Price shall adjust to such lower price. If, during the term of the Notes, the average closing bid price for the common stock for at least 20 of the immediately preceding 30 trading days equals or exceeds $1.25, then on 20 days’ irrevocable notice, and subject to certain conditions set forth in the Notes, we can cause the Lenders to convert the outstanding balance of the Notes into shares of common stock. The number of shares of common stock to be so delivered shall not exceed an amount equal to the product of the average daily volume of common stock traded on the primary exchange for common stock during the 20 prior Trading Days as of the mandatory conversion determination date multiplied by twenty. 32 Interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Note shall accrue at the rate of 12% per annum, which shall increase to 18% upon the occurrence of an event of default of trigger event, as those terms are defined in the Note. Commencing on the 6 month anniversary of the Note and each 90 days thereafter on which a payment of interest is due and continuing on the first day of every third month thereafter until the one year anniversary of the Note, we shall pay the Lender all interest, fees and penalties accrued but unpaid under the Note as of such date. Pursuant to the terms of the Note, we shall also pay Lender one-sixth of the principal amount of the Notes each month commencing on the six month anniversary of the Notes, and continuing thereafter until the Maturity Date, when we shall pay all remaining principal and interest, in cash. We maintain the right to make any and all of the six payments, at our option, in cash or shares of common stock at the greater of the Floor Price or 80% of the volume-weighted average price for the 5 trading days ending on the business day immediately preceding the applicable payment date. Notwithstanding any other terms to the contrary, pursuant to the terms of the Notes, we must pay all amounts due under the Notes in cash unless all of the following conditions are met: (i) a payment in common stock would not cause the Lenders’ beneficial ownership of common stock to exceed 9.99% of our then outstanding shares of common stock; (ii) we received NYSE Amex listing approval for the common stock issuable under the Notes; (iii) not less than seven calendar days prior to the applicable payment date, we shall have notified the Lenders that we intend to make such payment in common stock; (iv) (a) the common stock to be issued have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or (b) (A) Rule 144 promulgated thereunder is available for their sale, (B) we provided to the Lenders (prior to the delivery of the common stock on the applicable payment date) an attorney’s opinion, in a form acceptable to the Lenders, which provides that Rule 144 is available for the sale of the common stock, (C) we are current on all of our Securities and Exchange Commission reporting obligations, and (D) we are not subject to an extension for reporting our quarterly or annual results; (v) the closing bid price for the common stock on the business day on which notice is given is greater than the Floor Price divided by 80%; and (vi) neither an Event of Default nor a Trigger Event shall have occurred. Upon a Triggering Event, the outstanding balance of the Note shall immediately increase to 125% of the then owing principal balance and interest shall accrue at the rate of 1.5% per month. The following constitute Triggering Events under the Note: a decline in our 5-day average VWAP to less than $0.20 per share, a decline in the 10 day trading average daily dollar volume of our common stock to less than $35,000 of volume per day, a judgment exceeding $100,000 is entered into against us, or if we fail to file this Registration Statement before May 3, 2010, have this Registration Statement declared effective by June 1, 2010 or fail to keep it effective for the effective period. Upon an Event of Default, as defined in the Notes, the Lenders may declare the unpaid principal balance together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon immediately due and payable. However, all outstanding obligations payable by us shall automatically become immediately due and payable if we become the subject of a bankruptcy or related proceeding. The following trigger an Event of Default under the Notes: if we fail to make a payment or deliver shares due under the Notes when same becomes due, we breach any of the covenants under the Notes, any of the representations or warranties we made in the Notes or Note Purchase Agreements ar e found to be false or misleading in a material respect, if we fail to pay our debts and we become involved in a bankruptcy proceeding, if a government agency institutes an action against us that affects our financial condition and ability to pay the debt, of if we do not cure a Triggering Event within 5 trading days of notice of same. Based upon the terms of the Notes, the holders thereof may not convert them if on any date, such holder would be deemed the beneficial owner of either more 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. March – April 2010 Warrants As of April 29, 2010 there were 13,190,040 March – April 2010 Warrants outstanding. These Warrants have a term of five years from the date of issuance and is initially exercisable at the higher of: (i) 105% of the average VWAP for the five trading days immediately preceding the date we issued the Warrants; and (ii) the Floor Price (the same as in the Notes) in effect on the date the Warrants is exercised. The Lenders may exercise the Warrant via a cashless exercise if a registration statement for the Warrant Shares is not the in effect. Pursuant to a cashless exercise, the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of shares of common stock equal to (x) the excess of the Current Market Value (as hereinafter defined) over the aggregate Exercise Price of the portion of the Warrants then being exercised, divided by (y) the Adjusted Price of the common stock (as hereinafter defined). Current Market Value means an amount equal to the Market Price, which is the higher of: (i) the closing price of the common stock on the issue date of the Warrants; or (ii) the VWAP of the common stock for the trading day that is two trading days prior to the exercise date, multiplied by the number of shares of common stock specified in the exercise notice. Adjusted Price of the common stock means the conversion price of the Notes, in effect on any relevant exercise date of the Warrant. 33 Pursuant to the terms of the Warrants, we will not effect the exercise of any Warrants, and no person who is a holder of any Warrants has the right to exercise his/her Warrant, if after giving effect to such exercise, such person would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock The exercise price of the Warrants and the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Such events include recapitalizations or consolidations, combinations of our common stock and dividends payable in our common stock. Registration Rights In connection with the issuance of the Notes and the Warrants, we agreed to file the current registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for resale the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants and conversion of the Notes. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement we entered into with the Lenders of the Note Financings, we agreed to register all of the shares underlying the Notes and the Warrants, as well as any shares we believe may be issued pursuant to the final conversion price or exercise price of the Notes or Warrants, respectively, and pursuant to an adjustment in such price as per the terms of the Note and Warrant. However, under the Agreement, our obligation to register all such shares shall initially be satisfied by the registration of that number of shares of common stock which is at least equal to the sum of (i) the principal amount of the note plus one year of interest at the rate of 12% divided by the Floor Price of the Note, which is $.28 and (ii) the number of shares of common stock underlying the Lender’s warra nt. Transfer Agent The transfer agent for our common stock is Corporate Stock Transfer, Inc. Denver, Colorado.. Item 10. Interest of Named Experts and Counsel The validity of the securities offered hereby have been passed upon for us by Leser, Hunter, Taubman and Taubman, New York, New York. The consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 included in this prospectus and in the registration statement have been audited by KMJ Corbin & Company LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing herein. 34 Item 11. Information with Respect to the Registrant Business We recently refocused our business on the development, manufacture and marketing of advanced, pioneering medical diagnostic products, including our ONKO-SURE tm , a proprietary In-Vitro Diagnostic (“IVD”) Cancer Test. During the third and fourth quarter of 2009, we repositioned various business segments that we believe will enable us to monetize the value of some of our assets through either new partnerships, separate potential IPO’s or possible sales. These special assets include: (i) our 98% ownership in China-based pharmaceuticals business, Jade Pharmaceuticals Inc. (JPI); (ii) our 100% ownership of a proprietary cancer vaccine therapy technology: Combined Immunogene Therapy (“CIT”); an d (iii) 100% ownership of the Elleuxe brand of advanced skin care produces with proprietary formulations that include human placenta extract ingredients sourced from the China operations of JPI. Until the deconsolidation in September 2009, we operated in China through our wholly owned subsidiary, JPI. JPI engages in the manufacture and distribution of generic and homeopathic pharmaceutical products and supplements, as well as cosmetic products. JPI originally manufactured and distributed its products through two wholly-owned Chinese subsidiaries, Jiangxi Jiezhong Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“JJB”) and Yangbian Yiqiao Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“YYB”). However, JPI sold its interest in YYB on June 26, 2009 and during the quarter ended September 29, 2009, we deconsolidated JPI due to the inability to exercise significant influence of its operations (See “ Discontinued Operations ” and “ Deconsolidation ” below). In connection with the deconsolidation, we reclassified our China pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution business (conducted through our JPI subsidiary) as a business investment, rather than a consolidated operating subsidiary. On September 25, 2009, we changed our corporate name from “AMDL, Inc.” to “Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation,” because we believe Radient Pharmaceuticals as a brand name has considerable market appeal and reflects our new corporate direction and branding statements. We are now actively engaged in the research, development, manufacturing, sale and marketing of our ONKO-SURE tm , a proprietary IVD Cancer Test in the United States, Canada, Chile, Europe, India, Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and other markets throughout the world. Virtually all of our sales are to distributors. We manufacture and distribute our proprietary ONKO-SURE tm cancer test kits at our licensed manufacturing facility located at 2492 Walnut Avenue, Suite 100, in Tustin, California. We are a United States Food and Drug Administration (“USFDA”), GMP approved manufacturing facility. We maintain a current Device Manufacturing License issued by the State of California, Department of Health Services, Food and Drug Branch. Discontinued Operations and Dispositions On January 22, 2009, our board of directors authorized management to sell the operations of YYB and it was sold in June 2009. Proceeds from the sale of YYB consist of a note receivable in the amount of 16 million Yuan Renminbi (“RMB”) (approximately U.S. $2,337,541), which was paid directly to a bank, that JPI owed approximately 18,250,000 RMB (approximately U.S. $2,668,000) at the date of sale. In connection with the sale, JPI transferred rights to certain land and land use rights upon sale. JPI remains liable on the debt obligation to the bank for any amounts not paid by the buyer of YYB, as such obligation did not pass directly to the buyer. Deconsolidation During the third quarter of 2009, it became apparent to our management that our working relationship with management of our operations in China was becoming increasingly strained. Accordingly, we deemed it appropriate to seek alternative means of monetizing our investment. There were several issues that caused us to conclude accordingly, including, but not limited to: · Lack of responsiveness by the management in China to our requests for financial information; · Lack of responsiveness by management in China to our requests to transfer our funds to bank accounts under corporate control; · Lack of timely communication with their corporate management concerning significant decisions made by management in China concerning the disposal of the YYB subsidiary; and · Lack of timely communication with corporate officers concerning operations in China. 35 Effective September 29, 2009, based on unanimous consent of our board of directors and an executed binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between us and certain individual stockholders in China, we deconsolidated all activity of JPI. Based on the Agreement and in accordance with current accounting guidelines, we deconsolidated JPI as of the date we ceased to have a controlling financial interest, which was effective September 29, 2009. In accordance with the Agreement, we agreed to exchange our shares of JPI for 28,000,000 non-voting shares of preferred stock, which represents all outstanding shares of preferred stock, relinquished all rights to past and future profits, surrendered our management positions and agreed to a non-authoritative minority role on the board of directors. Despite the deconsolidation of JPI on September 29, 2009, we still believe JPI has a promising future. We hope that we will be able to sell off a portion or all of our ownership in JPI during the next 24 months. Alternatively, we will seek an exit from our investment at or after any public listing in China. We may also retain all or a portion of our remaining equity stake in JPI, if ownership continues to look promising. The goal is to gain the best valuation possible for this strategic asset. Additionally, we believe that JPI’s business and brand recognition make it a potential buyout target. However, no potential buyer has yet been identified. Elleuxe Brand of Premium Anti-Aging Skin Care Products We now intend to license or sell off our Elleuxe brand of cosmetic products that were originally developed by JPI in 2008, based upon their HPE anti-aging therapeutic products. We have reformulated these products for international markets under the brand name Elleuxe. The Elleuxe family of products is a therapeutic, high-end skin care product line based on the active ingredient ‘Elleuxe Protein” — our proprietary active ingredient that offers cell renewing properties designed to minimize the appearance of aging. The initial Elleuxe product line includes: · Hydrating Firming Cream · Renergie Hydrating Cleanser · Intense Hydrating Cleanser · Visable Renewing Hydrating Softener · Smoothing Renewing Eye Moisturizer IVD DIAGNOSTICS DIVISION IVD Industry and Market The receipt of USFDA approval for marketing our proprietary ONKO-SURE tm cancer test kit in July 2008, has given us significant visibility in the in-vitro diagnostics (“IVD”) industry. The growth of the IVD marketplace has been driven by an increase in the incidence of cancer, other chronic and infectious diseases, emerging technologies and increasing patient awareness. The world market for IVD tests for cancer is expected to grow at nearly 11% annually and could reach nearly $8 billion by the end of 2012. (Kalorama Research Group: 2008) 36 ONKO-SURE tm We are the developer and worldwide marketer of ONKO-SURE tm , non-invasive cancer blood test kit. On July 8, 2009, we changed the brand name of our in-vitro diagnostic cancer test from DR-70 tm to the more consumer friendly, trademarked brand name “ONKO-SURE tm ,” which we believe communicates it as a high quality, i nnovative consumer cancer test. We also installed a new tag line — “The Power of Knowing” — which communicates to cancer patients and their physicians that the test is effective in assessing whether a patient’s cancer is progressing during treatment or is in remission. In clinical trials, the ONKO-SURE tm test kit has demonstrated its ability to detect the presence of certain cancers in humans 84 percent of the time overall. ONKO-SURE tm is a simple, non-invasive blood test used for the detection and/or monitoring of 14 different types of cancer including: lung, breast, stomach, liver, colon, rectal, ovarian, esophageal, cervical, trophoblastic, thyroid, malignant lymphoma, and pancreatic. ONKO-SURE tm can be a valuable diagnostic tool in the worldwide battle against cancer, the second leading cause of death worldwide. ONKO-SURE tm serves the IVD cancer/oncology market which, according to Bio-Medicine.org, is growing at an 11% compounded annual growth rate. The ONKO-SURE tm test kit is a tumor-marker, which is a biochemical substance indicative of neoplasia, potentially specific, sensitive, and proportional to tumor load, used to screen, diagnose, assess prognosis, follow response to treatment, and monitor for recurrence. As ONKO-SURE tm test kit is a non-invasive blood test, there are no side effects of the administration of the test. As with other cancer diagnostic products, false positive and false negative test results could pose a small risk to patient health if their physician is not vigilant in following up on the ONKO-SURE tm test kit results with other clinically relevant diagnostic modalities. While the ONKO-SURE tm test kit is helpful in diagnosing whether a patient has cancer, the attending physician needs to use other testing methods to determine and confirm the type and kind of cancer involved. The ONKO-SURE tm test kit can be added easily and inexpensively to the pre-existing line of ELISA-based diagnostics performed routinely by clinical laboratories throughout the world. Furthermore, the ONKO-SURE tm test kit can be used in place of more costly and time consuming diagnostic tests. In clinical trialsin China, Germany, Taiwan and Turkey, ONKO-SURE tm has been used as a screen for multiple cancers while only needing a single blood sample. A positive ONKO-SURE tm value is then followed with other diagnostic tests to determine the specific type of cancer. We developed the next generation version of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit, and in 2009, we entered into a collaborative agreement with the Mayo Clinic to conduct a clinical study to determine whether the new version of the kit can lead to improved accuracy in the detection of early-stage cancer. The Company’s ONKO-SURE tm cancer test kits are currently sold in the form of a 96 well test plate, which, after standards are applied, 43 individual tests can be run in duplicate. These tests are typically run in a reference laboratory with test results determined by using a micro-titer reading analyzer. Results are sent to the attending physician who then relays those results to the patient. Typically, a patient can receive results within 3-5 days from the blood draw date. Because the ONKO-SURE tm test kit is a non-invasive blood test, there are no side effects of the administration of the test. As with other cancer diagnostic products, false positive and false negative test results could pose a small risk to patient health if the physician is not vigilant in following up on the ONKO-SURE tm test kit results with other clinically relevant diagnostic modalities. While the ONKO-SURE tm test kit can be helpful in diagnosing whether a patient has cancer, the attending physician needs to use other testing methods to determine and confirm the type and kind of cancer involved. ONKO-SURE tm Test Kit Sales and Licensing Strategy We are seeking to engage additional distributors who will sell to reference and clinical laboratories in the U.S. and other countries to make the ONKO-SURE tm test kit available to physicians and patients. Our objectives regarding the development, marketing and distribution of our ONKO-SURE tm test kit are to: · obtain international approvals; · develop new distribution channels in new markets; · distribute greater quantities of kits in approved markets; · fully utilize our GMP manufacturing facilities in the U.S. to foster worldwide sales; · automate the ONKO-SURE tm test kit; and · eventually create a “rapid test” format of ONKO-SURE tm test kit to extend sales into rural areas and POL (physician owned labs). 37 We adopted a licensing strategy for the commercialization of ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Our licensing strategy is common in the diagnostics industry as it maximizes market penetration on the installed base of instruments of one or more partners and facilitates quick market uptake and higher peak sales due to potential joint marketing efforts. During 2009, we entered into the following distribution agreements: · Exclusive five-year distribution agreement with Grifols USA, LLC. This distribution agreement allows Grifols USA, LLC to market and sell ONKO-SURE tm for the monitoring of colorectal cancer to hospitals, clinical laboratories, clinics and other health care organizations. · Exclusive two-year distribution agreement with Tarom Applied Technologies Ltd for the marketing and sales of ONKO-SURE tm in Israel. · Two distinct exclusive five year distribution agreement with GenWay Biotech, Inc. This distribution agreement allows Genway Biotech, Inc, to market and sell ONKO-SURE tm for uses other than colorectal cancer to CLIA-certified laboratories in the US and as a lung cancer screen to laboratories in Canada. In addition, ONKO-SURE tm test kits are currently being sold to one diagnostic reference laboratory in the U.S. Foreign distributors have the potential for transferring the tests onto their respective diagnostics platform(s), develop test kits that can be shipped to diagnostics laboratories to perform the test, run any additional clinical trials and seek additional regulatory approval for the new combination of the test kits and the instrument. At this time, through our distributors we have had only limited sales of these test kits outside the United States. There may be factors that prevent us from further developing and marketing the ONKO-SURE tm test kit. We cannot guarantee that the ONKO-SURE tm test kit will be commercially successful in either the U.S. or internationally. Clinical trials results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations by scientists, medical personnel, regulatory personnel, statisticians and others, which may delay, limit or prevent further clinical development or regulatory approvals of a product candidate. Also, the length of time that it would take for us to complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for product marketing m ay vary by product and by the intended use of a product. We cannot predict the length of time it would take to complete necessary clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval in any other country. ONKO-SURE tm Test Kit Competition We have only had limited sales of ONKO-SURE tm test kit to our distributors outside the United States. We are dependent on our distributors’ financial ability to advertise and market the ONKO-SURE tm test kit in those countries where we have distributors. A number of domestic and international companies are in indirect competition with us in all of these markets. Most of these companies are larger, more firmly established, have significant marketing and development budgets and have greater capital resources than us or our distributors. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve and maintain a c ompetitive position in the diagnostic test industry. Many major medical device manufacturers, including Abbott Diagnostics, Baxter Healthcare Corp., Beckman Diagnostics, Boehringer Mannheim, Centocor, Diagnostic Products Corporation, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Roche Diagnostic Systems, Sigma Diagnostics and others, are manufacturers or marketers of other diagnostic products. We are not aware of any efforts currently being devoted to development of products such as ONKO-SURE tm test kit; however, there can be no assurance that such efforts are not being undertaken without our knowledge. We believe that most of the diagnostic products currently manufactured by other companies are complementary to ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Moreover, such companies could develop products similar to our products and they may be more successful than we may be in marketing and manufacturing their products. In addition, there are a number of new technologies in various stages of development at the National Institute of Health, university research centers and at other companies for the detection of various types of cancers, e.g., identification of proteomic patterns in blood serum that distinguishes benign from cancerous conditions, which may compete with our product. U.S. based ONKO-SURE tm Test Kit Manufacturing We manufacture our ONKO-SURE tm test kit at our licensed manufacturing facility located at 2492 Walnut Avenue, Suite 100, in Tustin, California. 38 In December 2003, our facilities in Tustin, California became CE compliant. Our ONKO-SURE tm test kit conforms to the essential requirements of the CE Mark, which is required to sell our product in the European Union (“EU”). The CE Mark is recognized around the world as an indication of quality practices and is referred to as the “Trade Passport to Europe” for non-EU products. As of January 2004 we became EN ISO 1345 compliant, which is important for sales internationally. In July 2008, the USFDA inspected our facilities and found no deficiencies. We were found to be compliant with USFDA Regulations. All of our OEM products are Class I (GMP not required) or Class II (GMP required, as defined by the USFDA guidelines) devices and our facilities meet the GMP requirements for each of our OEM products. We are also licensed to manufacture our proprietary products and to repackage our OEM products at our Tustin location. Regulatory Approval and Clinical Trials of the ONKO-SURE tm Test Kit The ONKO-SURE tm test kit is subject to specific USFDA rules applicable to IVD products. Prior to marketing ONKO-SURE tm test kit in the U.S., we were required to make a pre-market application to prove the safety and efficacy of the products and to comply with specified labeling requirements for IVD products for human use. We received a determination letter on July 3, 2008 from the USFDA approving our application to market ONKO-SURE tm test kit as an immunology and microbiology device to monitor colorectal cancer under the category “Tumor Associated Antigens Immunological Test System” as a Class II IVD device. USFDA clearance to market was based upon data showing that the ONKO-SURE tm test kit has the ability to monitor the progression of colorectal cancer post-surgery in patients who are biopsy confirmed with this disease. This announcement marks the first clearance to market a colorectal monitoring product that the USFDA has granted since January 14, 1982 when Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA) was approved. Until now, the CEA test has been the only accepted method cleared in the U.S. Thus, ONKO-SURE tm test kit offers a new test that can monitor colorectal tumors post-surgery. We must abide by the listing rules of the USFDA. We have established our Quality System Regulation in accordance with applicable regulations and were most recently inspected in July 2008. Our Quality System Regulation program contains applicable complaint provisions that we believe meet the USFDA’s requirements for Medical Device Reporting, and we have experienced no incidents or complaints to date. We also have implemented procedures for preventive and corrective action and changed our packing and shipping method once in 2002 to improve protection of our product. Although we received USFDA approval to market ONKO-SURE tm test kit in the U.S., we have a limited supply of the horseradish peroxidase (“HRP”)-conjugated anti-fibrin and fibrinogen degradation (“FDP”) antibody component currently used for the approved ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Because of the limited supply of the current antibody, we have determined it is in our best interest to change to a HRP-conjugated anti-FDP antibody. We are currently screening six commercially available conjugated antibodies to substitute into the current ONKO-SURE tm test kit and one that we have produced and conjugated ourselves. The anti-FDP antibody that we produced ourselves has performed well in pilot studies and will likely be used in our next generation ONKO-SURE tm test kit. In addition, our next generation ONKO-SURE tm test kit will be automated using the Dynex DS2 open platform ELISA system for ease of commercialization. If the antibody substitution significantly improves ONKO-SURE tm test kit performance, we will be required to change the reported sensitivity and specificity of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Because of these changes and modifications, we will likely have to submit a new 510(k) premarket notification application, but can continue to sell the existing kit until our current antibody supply is exhausted. If the new antibody does not significantly affect the clinical performance of the test, we can likely substitute it into the currently approved kit without filing a new 510k. In addition to the USFDA regulation and approval process, each foreign jurisdiction may have separate and different approval requirements and processes. In June 2007, the Chinese approval process fundamentally changed. Under the new SFDA guidelines, the SFDA is unlikely to approve the marketing of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit without one of the following: approval by the USFDA, sufficient clinical trials in China, or product approval from a country where the ONKO-SURE tm test kit is registered and approved for marketing and export. We are not currently pursuing SFDA approval for ONKO-SURE tm in China. Our distribution agreements require our distributors to obtain the requisite approval and clearance in each jurisdiction in which they sell products. In our experience, once a foreign approval is obtained, it is generally renewed on a periodic basis, annually or otherwise. In certain territories, distributors can sell under limited circumstances prior to approval and in other territories no formal approval is required. On December 20, 2000, the Medical Devices Agency of United Kingdom Department of Health issued a letter of no objection to the exportation of our ONKO-SURE tm test kit from the U.S. to the United Kingdom, allowing ONKO-SURE tm test kit to be sold in the United Kingdom. In late 2006, Mercy Bio Technology Co., Ltd., our distributor in Taiwan, received Department of Health approval to market the ONKO-SURE tm test kit in Taiwan. We have also received regulatory approval to market the ONKO-SURE tm test kit in South Korea and import and market the ONKO-SURE tm test kit in Australia. In Canada, ONKO-SURE tm test kit is approved as a screening device for lung cancer only. ONKO-SURE tm test kit also has the CE mark from the European Union for sale in Europe as a general cancer screen. 39 Obtaining regulatory approval in the U.S. for our ONKO-SURE tm test kit was costly, and it remains costly to maintain. The USFDA and foreign regulatory agencies have substantial discretion to terminate clinical trials, require additional testing, delay or withhold registration and marketing approval and mandate product withdrawals. In addition, later discovery of unknown problems with our products or manufacturing processes could result in restrictions on such products and manufacturing processes, including potential withdrawal of the products from the market. If regulatory authorities determine that we have violated regulations or if they restrict, suspend or revoke our prior approvals, they could prohibit us from manufac turing or selling our products until we comply, or indefinitely. Collaboration with Mayo Clinic We entered into a Collaboration Agreement on December 12, 2008 with the Mayo Clinic to conduct a clinical study for the validation of our next generation version of its USFDA-approved ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Through the validation study, the Mayo Clinic in conjunction with us will perform clinical diagnostic testing to compare our USFDA-approved ONKO-SURE tm test kit with a newly developed, next generation test. The Mayo Clinic is providing the bio-specimens to perform the study of approximately 1,000 subjects. The primary goal of the study to be undertaken in collaboration with Mayo Clinic is to determine whether our next gen eration ONKO-SURE tm test kit serves as a higher-performing test to its existing predicate test and can lead to improved accuracy in the detection of early-stage cancers. The total costs of the study and related project fees are $312,072 under the contract. Before any trials can be undertaken, the next generation test kit must be designed, validated and tested by us. The next generation version of ONKO-SURE is currently under product development in collaboration with the Mayo Clinic. The Mayo Clinic has provided clinical samples for a research project to address the effectiveness of the next generation ONKO-SURE test relative to the current ONKO-SURE test at early-stage colorectal cancer detection. We anticipate completion of this trial within a year after the trial is designed and validated. The results of this study would contribute to, but are not solely sufficient for a new 510k filing for U SFDA clearance of the next generation test. We need to obtain and test serial, monitoring samples from colorectal cancer patients in order to file a 510k as a colorectal cancer monitoring test. ONKO-SURE tm Test Kit Research and Development During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we incurred expenses of $563,690 and $194,693, respectively, in research and development costs related to the USFDA applications for approval of our ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Reimbursability of Our IVD Products We recognize that health care cost reimbursement under private and government medical insurance programs is critical to gaining market share in any of the markets where we intend to sell our IVD products. Thus, we are currently seeking approval for reimbursement in the U.S., Korea and Taiwan for our ONKO-SURE tm test kit. In the future, we plan to also seek reimbursement approval in other countries for our ONKO-SURE tm test kit and any other products we may acquire or develop in the future. CHINA-BASED INTEGRATED PHARMACEUTICALS Until the deconsolidation, through JPI, we formally manufactured and distributed generic and homeopathic pharmaceutical products and supplements as well as cosmetic products. JPI acquired the businesses currently conducted by JJB and YYB in 2005 along with certain assets and liabilities of a predecessor to JJB (Jiangxi Shangrao KangDa Biochemical Pharmacy Co. Ltd). We sold YYB on June 26, 2009. The decision was based on a variety of factors, including the expiration of YYB’s GMP certification in March 2009, our estimates of the capital investment required to obtain recertification of the facility, our desire to redeploy amounts invested in the YYB facility into higher growth and/or potentially more profitable opportunities, and our desire to consolidate JPI’s manufacturing in Jiangxi province, China. JJB is wholly-foreign owned enterprise (“WFOE”). WFOEs are limited liability companies established under Chinese Company Law that are exclusively owned by foreign investors. WFOEs are used to, among other things: enable local China based entities to carry on business in China, rather than operate in a representative capacity; acquire land use certificates to own and operate facilities in China; employ persons in China; hold intellectual property rights; protect intellectual property and proprietary technology; and issue invoices to their customers in RMB and record revenues in RMB, but convert the profits into U.S. dollars for distribution to their parent company outside China. There are also potential disadvantages of operating as a WFOE, including, but not limited to, unlimited liability claims arising from the operations in China and potentially less favorable treatment from governmental agencies than would be afforded to those entities operating with a Chinese partner. 40 Effective September 29, 2009 (the “Effective Date”), based on unanimous consent of the Company’s board of directors and an executed binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between the Company and Henry Jia, Frank Zheng and Yuan Da Xia (collectively, the “JPI Shareholders”), the Company deconsolidated all activity of JPI. Based on the Agreement and in accordance with current accounting guidelines, the Company deconsolidated JPI as of the date the Company ceased to have a controlling financial interest, which was effective September 29, 2009. In accordance with the Agreement, the Company relinquished all rights to past and future profits, surrendered its management positions and agreed to non-authoritative minority role on its board of directors. Accordingly, it was determined that we did not maintain significant influence over the investee and, accordingly, have recorded such investment in accordance with the cost method. Although, we maintain significant economic ownership in JPI, based on our evaluation of our lack of ability to influence, lack of a role in policy and decision making, no significant planned intercompan y activity, among other things, we concluded that it would not be appropriate to account for such investment in consolidation or under the equity method of accounting. Overview of JPI’s Business Historically, JJB has primarily been a manufacturer and distributor of large and small volume injectible fluids as well as other products for external use. YYB, on the other hand, used to manufacture tablets, capsules and other over-the-counter pharmaceutical products, but is no longer manufacturing any of these products. During 2008, we conducted a significant marketing campaign for our Goodnak/Nalefen Skin Care Human Placental Extract (“HPE”) products. HPE Solution was our largest selling product in 2008. We are now preparing to market HPE-based cosmetics in various formulations under the product name “ELLEUXE”. We hired a US-based cosmetics laboratory to adapt the Chinese cosmetic formulations for the US-market. Safety and effectiveness testing will be performed by a US-based laboratory with GMP and Good Laboratory Practice approvals, such that all required regulatory approvals can be obtained. We believe these products offer a significant opportunity both in China and the United States, as well as other markets. We now anticipate licensing or selling off the Elleuxe brand of skin care products. JPI’s Product Lines JJB currently manufactures ten unique therapeutic and cosmetic HPE-based anti-aging products in China including: · HPE Solutions · Domperidone Tablets · Compound Benzoic Acid and Camphor Solution · Diavitamin, Calcium and Lysine Tablets · Levofloxacin Lactate Injection · Guyanling Tablets · GS Solution · GNS Solution · NaCL Solution 41 JPI’s China Business Strategy General JPI is attempting to establish distribution agreements with large pharmaceutical distributors in the larger cities and provinces in China. JPI is also developing new products for distribution in China. JPI sells Goodnak and other anti-aging and skin care products through JJB’s existing distribution channels in China. JPI sells in approximately 36 markets, utilizing approximately 50 third-party distributors. In those 36 markets, each had approximately 1.5 distributors per market on average. In those markets, distributors have preferred and/or exclusive distribution relationships for select products that JPI provides. Currently, distributors are distributed geographically as follows: Geographic Location — China Southeastern 38 % Northeastern 31 % Central 14 % Southwestern 13 % North 4 % Marketing and Sales of JPI’s Products JJB and YYB together had established a marketing program consisting of approximately forty sales managers and a network of distributors who market JJB’s and YYB’s products. JPI’s subsidiary, JJB, sells directly to hospitals and retail stores and indirectly to other customers through distributors. Most of JPI’s revenues were derived from JJB’s products. For the period of January 1, 2009 through September 29, 2009 and the year ended December 31, 2008, sales to one customer comprised approximately 20% of JJB’s net revenues, respectively Manufacturing of JPI Products JPI utilizes the services of more than 200 small suppliers. No raw materials are imported for their pharmaceutical manufacturing operations and no finished products are currently exported out of China. All raw materials are stored at the facilities and JPI has not experienced any difficulty in obtaining raw materials for their manufacturing operations. The average cost to manufacture JPI’s products in 2009 was approximately 48%, but the gross margins vary slightly from product to product. 42 JPI’s Competition JPI competes with different companies in different therapeutic categories. For example, with regard to large and small volume injection fluids, JJB primarily competes with Jiangxi Zhuhu Pharmaceutical Company and Jiangxi Pharmaceutical Company, which are both located in the Jiangxi Province. They manufacture large and small volume injection fluids, tablets and tinctures and related product include generics, over-the-counter and supplement pharmacy products. There are at least 70 companies in China approved by the SFDA to manufacture large and small volume injection fluids. JJB competes with numerous companies with respect to its tablet products, as these are common over the counter pharmaceuticals. Most of these companies are larger, more established and have significant marketing and development budgets and have greater cap ital resources than JJB. Therefore, there can be no assurance that JJB will be able to achieve and maintain a competitive position in this market. JPI’s Research and Development In the past, JJB and YYB entered into joint research and development agreements with outside research institutes, but all of the prior joint research agreements have expired. Also, JJB and YYB generally required the licensor of new products provide all of the research and development for new products that they licensed. JJB has historically introduced new products by acquiring generic drug production technical information to be used in JJB’s SFDA generic drug applications to manufacture the new products. This information is acquired from third party specialty pharmaceutical product development companies, such as Jiangxi YiBo Medicine Technology Development, Ltd. (“YiBo”). In the past, JJB has purchased technical specifications from YiBo for approximately 10 new products through installment purchase transfer contracts (“New Medicine Transfer Contracts” or “MTCs”). In exchange for specified payments, these MTCs typically provide for one or more of the following: (a) transfer of any technical information related to the production of a new product, (b) product formulations, (c) a products manu facturing process, and (d) clinical data collection. In the event that JJB is unable to obtain SFDA approval to manufacture the product, YiBo will provide an alternate product formulation such that JJB can again apply for manufacturing rights with the SFDA. JJB records payments made on MTCs as “Deposits” until a permit is issued by the SFDA to manufacture the new product. Once the permit to manufacture is issued, the amounts paid are then reclassified as intangible assets with defined lives subject to amortization. For intangible assets with definite lives, tests for impairment are performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable or if no production of the product has taken place after a reasonable period of time. JJB believes that it had no significant impairments of the amounts included in intangible assets for new products, individually or in the aggregate. However, it is possible that JJB may experience impairments of some of its intangible assets in the future, which would require JJB to recognize impairment charges and ultimately impair our investment in JPI. JPI’s Product Development JPI currently has applied with the SFDA for manufacturing rights to produce a number of generic drug products. JPI continues to search for new products to ensure a pipeline of products for future growth. · Pidotimod Tablets (an anti-aging product) · Epinastine Tablets (allergy product) · Paclitaxel (a cancer medication) · Creatine Phosphate Sodium Injections (a heart medicine) · Drotaverrine Hydrochloric (a chemotherapy therapeutic product) 43 · Diammonium Glycyrrhizinate (a chemotherapy therapeutic product) Additionally, YiBo is developing an HPE Capsule (anti-aging product) on JJB’s behalf. JJB has not yet applied to the SFDA or other regulatory agencies for required approvals or licenses to manufacture this product. Chinese Pharmaceutical Regulations Pursuant to Article 9 of the Law of China on Pharmaceutical Administration (“China Law”), pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises must organize production according to the statutory administrative criteria on quality of pharmaceuticals formulated by the supervisory and administrative departments in charge of pharmaceuticals of the State Council. The SFDA requires that all facilities engaged in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products obtain the Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) certification that meet the requirements of the China Law. JJB’s facility was renovated in 2009 and was issued GMP certificates necessary to conduct current operations. In addition, under Article 31 of China Law, each entity manufacturing pharmaceuticals must receive the approval of the supervisory and administrative departments in charge of pharmaceuticals of the State Council and receive a serial approval number to manufacture a specific pharmaceutical. JJB has product licenses to manufacture all of the products they currently manufacture. JJB is also subject to the Food Sanitation Law providing standards in sanitation for the consumption or injection of foods. JJB operates in two locations, which together total approximately 200,000 square feet of manufacturing facilities in Shangrao, Jiangxi Province, China. JJB was notified by the Chinese Military Department of its intent to annex one of JJB’s plants that is located near a military installation. The proposed area to be annexed contains the facilities that are used to manufacture large and small volume parenteral solutions. Discussions regarding annexation are proceeding and we expect that JJB will be compensated fairly for the facility upon annexation. JJB intends to find a new single center site in Jiangxi Province, China to relocate its operations and combine them with any operations related to any product lines retained from YYB’s manufacturing, sales and distribution operations after the sale of YYB. We may have to spend significant time and resources finding, building and equipping the new location and restarting those operations. In addition, such new facilities wi ll need to obtain GMP certification for all manufacturing operations. CANCER THERAPEUTICS Combination Immunogene Therapy In August 2001, we acquired a combination immunogene therapy technology (“CIT”) that may be effective in building a cancer patient’s immune system and could eventually lead to a vaccine to protect patients known to be at risk because of a family history for certain types of cancer. CIT is intended to build the body’s immune system and destroy cancer cells. This technology involves injecting the cancer patient’s tumor with a vector carrying both a granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor and a t-cell co-stimulating factor, thereby activating an immune response against the cancer cells. We are actively seeking additional pharmaceutical or biotechnology strategic partners with whom to form a joint venture or otherwise license our CIT technology. On April 1, 2010 we entered into an exclusive 5-year collaboration agreement with Jaiva Technologies, Inc. (“JTI”). Under the terms of the agreement, JTI will collaborate with clinical laboratories, hospitals and physicians in India to conduct clinical trials for RPC’s CIT technology. Additionally, JTI will support RPC in securing Indian government approval for the use of the CIT technology as a cancer therapy and vaccine throughout the country. JTI is a US-based multinational biotechnology company focused on the research and development, distribution, marketing and sales of promising third-party healthcare technology products, including RPC’s CIT cancer therapy and vaccine. JTI has agreed to underwrite any and all costs asso ciated with its undertakings in India to commercialize our CIT technology. These cost could well exceed US$1.4 million. Both parties understand that JTI may raise additional capital from third parties to underwrite a portion or all of these costs. Although JTI anticipates being able to underwrite any and all costs directly or by raising capital from various third parties, no guarantee to this provision is provided by JTI. Both parties agree that any net profits derived by JTI or any of its partners or affiliates, as a result of any commercialization of our CIT technology, will be equally split between the parties. 44 On February 22, 2002, AcuVector Group, Inc. (“AcuVector”) filed a Statement of Claim in the Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta, Judicial District of Edmonton, Canada relating to our CIT technology acquired from Dr. Chang in August 2001. AcuVector, a former licensee of Dr. Chang, claims that the terminated license agreement is still in effect. AcuVector is seeking substantial damages and injunctive relief against Dr. Chang and CDN$20,000,000 in damages against us for alleged interference with the relationship between Dr. Chang and AcuVector. The claim for injunctive relief seeks to establish that the AcuVector license agreement with Dr. Chang is still in effect. We performed sufficient due diligence at the time we acquired the technology to permit us to conclude that AcuVector had no interest in the technology when we acquired it. Although the case is still in the early stages of discovery, we believe that AcuVector’s claims are without merit and that we will receive a favorable judgment. We are also defending a companion case filed in the same court by the Governors of the University of Alberta against us and Dr. Chang. The University of Alberta claims, among other things, that Dr. Chang failed to remit the payment of the University’s portion of the monies we paid to Dr. Chang for the CIT technology we purchased from Dr. Chang in 2001. In addition to other claims against Dr. Chang relating to other technologies developed by him while at the University, the University also claims that we conspired with Dr. Chang and interfered with the University’s contractual relations under certain agreements with Dr. Chang, thereby damaging the University in an amount which is unknown to the University at this time. The University has not claimed that we are not the owner of the CI T technology, just that the University has an equitable interest therein or the revenues there from. Accordingly, if either AcuVector or the University is successful in their claims, we may be liable for substantial damages, our rights to the technology will be adversely affected, and our future prospects for exploiting or licensing the CIT technology will be significantly impaired. In February 2009, we submitted a Response to Final Office Action in support of USPTO Application number 10/785,577 entitled “Combination Immunogene Therapy” that was filed February 23, 2004. We have not received any further indication, or comments, from the USPTO as to the outcome of our application, but remain optimistic about the likelihood of patent approval. We believe that both actions are without merit. We believe that we will be able to settle this case during the second quarter of 2010. Success in our business divisions depends, in part, on our ability to obtain U.S. and foreign patent protection for our products, preserve our trade secrets, and operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has issued to us two patents which describe methods for measuring ring-shaped particles in extra-cellular fluid as a means for detecting cancer. Our patent for a method of detecting the tumors using ring shaped particles as a tumor marker was issued on October 17, 1995 and expires on October 17, 2012. Our patent for a method for detecting the presence of ring shaped particles as tumor markers was issued on June 3, 1997 and expires on June 3, 2014. We have three additional patent applications pending in the U.S. with respect to our methodology for the ONKO-SURE tm tumor-markers as reliable indicators of the presence of cancer. In addition, we have one patent base d on our methodology for the ONKO-SURE tm tumor marker pending in Europe. In August 2001, we acquired intellectual property rights and an assignment of a U.S. patent application covering CIT technology for $2,000,000. The technology was purchased from Dr. Lung-Ji Chang, who developed it while at the University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada. A U.S. patent was issued on May 4, 2004, expires on April 9, 2017, and claims a vector composition comprising a gene encoding the B7-2 protein in combination with an additional modulating protein, GMCSF. In 2004, we also filed a continuation patent application on the CIT methodology. In February 2009, we submitted a Response to Final Office Action in support of USPTO application number 10/785,577 entitled “Combination Immunogene Therapy” that was filed February 23, 2004. We abandoned this continuation patent application in ea rly 2009. 45 On November 21, 2001, Singapore granted our patent containing claims to the CIT technology. Singapore is a “registration only” jurisdiction, which means that patent applications are not substantively reviewed prior to grant. However, the patent is enforceable in Singapore, but the validity of such patents is determined by their courts. In November 2006, we were issued a patent in Australia on our CIT technology claims covering the gene therapy method for treating cancer using an expression vector comprising a gene encoding the B7-2 protein in combination with an additional modulating protein. In early 2003, Australia granted us a patent for our humanized mouse model technology acquired from Dr. Chang. This technology is a research tool suitable for the evaluation of anti-human tumor immunity and the identification of immuno-modulating genes. In March 2007, Israel granted us a patent for our humanized mouse model. Patents that are based on the humanized mouse model are pending in the following countries: Canada, Europe, Japan, and Singapore. On June 19, 2001, a U.S. patent was issued on a technology for evaluation of vaccines in animals which was also acquired from Dr. Chang. This patent expires on December 25, 2017. There can be no assurance however, that any additional patents will be issued to us, or that, if issued, the breadth or degree of protection of these patents will be adequate to protect our interests. In addition, there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or obtain access to our know-how. Further, there can be no assurance that others will not be issued patents which may prevent the sale of our test kits or require licensing and the payment of significant fees or royalties by us in order for us to be able to carry on our business. Finally, there can be no guarantee that any patents issued to or licensed by us will not be infringed by the products of others. Defense and prosecution of patent claims can be expensive and time consuming, even in those in stances in which the outcome is favorable to us. If the outcome is adverse, it could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to obtain licenses from third parties or require us to cease research and development activities or sales. Employees As of December 31, 2009, we had 7 full-time employees in the U.S. We supplement our permanent staff with temporary personnel. Our employees are neither represented by a union nor subject to a collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our relations with our employees to be favorable. We have entered into certain agreements with our employees regarding their services. We utilize the services of consultants for safety testing, regulatory and legal compliance, and other services. Executive Offices Our executive offices are located at 2492 Walnut Avenue, Suite 100, Tustin, California 92780, telephone number (714) 505-4460. In September 2001, we registered our common stock under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and listed on the NYSE Amex exchange under the symbol RPC. You may review any of our public reports or information on file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C., 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 or review our reports at http://www.sec.gov . Information located on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated into this fili ng unless this filing specifically indicates otherwise. Legal Proceedings On February 22, 2002, AcuVector Group, Inc. (“AcuVector”) filed a Statement of Claim in the Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta, Judicial District of Edmonton relating to the Company’s CIT technology acquired from Dr. Chang in August 2001. The claim alleges damages of $CDN 20 million and seeks injunctive relief against Dr. Chang for, among other things, breach of contract and breach of fiduciary duty, and against the Company for interference with the alleged relationship between Dr. Chang and AcuVector. The claim for injunctive relief seeks to establish that the AcuVector license agreement with Dr. Chang is still in effect. The Company has performed extensive due diligence to determine that AcuVector had no interest in the technology when the Company acquired it. The Company has recently initiated action to commence discovery in this case, and AcuVector has taken no action to advance the proceedings since filing the complaint in 2002. The Company is confident that AcuVector’s claims are without merit and that the Company will receive a favorable judgment. As the final outcome is not determinable, no accrual or loss relating to this action is reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 46 We are also defending a companion case filed in the same court by the Governors of the University of Alberta against us and Dr. Chang. The University of Alberta claims, among other things, that Dr. Chang failed to remit the payment of the University’s portion of the monies paid by us to Dr. Chang for the CIT technology purchased by us from Dr. Chang in 2001. In addition to other claims against Dr. Chang relating to other technologies developed by him while at the University, the University also claims that the Company conspired with Dr. Chang and interfered with the University’s contractual relations under certain agreements with Dr. Chang, thereby damaging the University in an amount which is unknown to the University at this time. The University has not claimed that we are not the owner of the CIT technology, just that the University has an equitable interest therein for the revenues there from. As the final outcome is not determinable, no accrual or loss relating to this action is reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. No significant discovery has as yet been conducted in the case. Accordingly, if either AcuVector and/or the University is successful in their claims, we may be liable for substantial damages, our rights to the technology will be adversely affected, and our future prospects for exploiting or licensing the CIT technology will be significantly impaired. We believe that both actions are without merit. We believe that we will be able to settle this case during the second quarter of 2010. Other than the above mentioned litigation matters, neither we nor any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries is a party to, nor is any of our property the subject of, any legal proceedings other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to their respective businesses. There are no proceedings pending in which any of our officers, directors or 5% shareholders are adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries or in which they are taking a position or have a material interest that is adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries is a party to any administrative or judicial proceeding arising under federal, state or local environmental laws or their Chinese counterparts. From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. 47 MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK, DIVIDENDS AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER INFORMATION Our common stock is listed on the NYSE Amex under the symbol “RPC” Our stock price, like that of some other cancer diagnostic and pharmaceutical companies, is highly volatile. Our stock price may be affected by such factors as: · clinical trial results; · product development announcements by us or our competitors; · regulatory matters; · announcements in the scientific and research community; · intellectual property and legal matters; · broader industry and market trends unrelated to our performance; and · economic markets in Asia. In addition, if our revenues or earnings in any period fail to meet the investment community’s expectations, there could be an immediate adverse impact on our stock price. Market Information — Our common shares are currently listed on the NYSE Amex under the symbol “RPC”. On April 29, 2010, the closing price of our common shares on NYSE Amex was $0.98. Set forth in the following table are the high and low closing prices for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2009, and for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 for our common stock. Quarter Ended High Low March 31, 2008 $ 4.18 $ 2.93 June 30, 2008 $ 3.89 $ 2.78 September 30, 2008 $ 3.05 $ 1.26 December 31, 2008 $ 2.00 $ 0.69 Quarter Ended High Low March 31, 2009 $ 1.38 $ 0.70 June 30, 2009 $ 1.35 $ 0.75 September 30, 2009 $ 1.01 $ 0.55 December 31, 2009 $ 0.60 $ 0.22 March 31, 2010 $ 0.38 $ 0.22 Record Holders. As of April 29, 2010, there were approximately [ ] record holders of our common stock. Dividend Policy. We have not paid any cash dividends since our inception and do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that earnings, if any, will be retained for the operation of our business. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 48 The following provides information concerning compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company were authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2009: Number of Securities Number of Available Securities to be Weighted-Average For Future Issuance Issued Upon Exercise of Exercise Price of Under Equity Compensation Outstanding Options, Outstanding Options, Plans (Excluding Securities Plan Category Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights Reflected in Column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity Compensation plans approved by security holders 1,858,001 1.92 1,206,237 Equity compensations plans not approved by security holders - - - Total 1,858,001 1.92 1,206,237 49 Financial Statements REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company was not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the a mounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred a significant operating loss in 2009 and negative cash flows from operations in 2009 and has a working capital deficit of approximately $4.2 million at December 31, 2009. These items, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to c ontinue as a going concern. /s/ KMJ | Corbin & Company LLP KMJ | Corbin & Company LLP Costa Mesa, California April 15, 2010 50 RADIENT PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2009 2008 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 12,145 $ 2,287,283 Accounts receivable, net — 13,575,534 Inventories 79,255 1,563,991 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 57,778 1,006,960 Prepaid consulting 358,667 1,435,021 Total current assets 507,845 19,868,789 Property and equipment, net 83,547 11,709,508 Intangible assets, net 1,158,333 5,311,568 Receivable from JPI, net 2,675,000 — Investment in JPI 20,500,000 — Other assets 1,394,361 4,072,432 Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations — 1,789,934 Total assets $ 26,319,086 $ 42,752,231 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1,975,311 $ 1,675,539 Accrued salaries and wages 738,331 822,201 Derivative liabilities 354,758 — Income taxes payable — 472,860 Deferred revenue 103,128 87,538 Convertible note, net of discount of $2,000,649 240,482 — Current portion of notes payable 1,316,667 2,662,610 Current liabilities of discontinued operations — 1,151,515 Total current liabilities 4,728,677 6,872,263 Other long-term liabilities 295,830 353,811 Notes payable, net of current portion and debt discount of $1,701,402 601,819 581,305 Total liabilities 5,626,326 7,807,379 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding — — Common stock, $0.001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 22,682,116 and 16,006,074 shares issued at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively; 22,265,441 and 15,826,074 shares outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 22,265 15,826 Additional paid-in capital 73,109,048 68,192,411 Accumulated other comprehensive income — 2,443,452 Accumulated deficit (52,438,553 ) (35,706,837 ) Total stockholders’ equity 20,692,760 34,944,852 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 26,319,086 $ 42,752,231 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 51 RADIENT PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 Net revenues $ 8,627,669 $ 23,774,900 Cost of sales 5,360,213 11,530,391 Gross profit 3,267,456 12,244,509 Operating expenses: Research and development 563,690 194,693 Selling, general and administrative 10,936,789 10,962,058 11,500,479 11,156,751 Income (loss) from continuing operations (8,233,023 ) 1,087,758 Other income (expense): Interest and other income (expense), net (328,071 ) (24,210 ) Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 648,313 — Loss on deconsolidation (1,953,516 ) — Interest expense (2,596,606 ) (468,531 ) Total other expense, net (4,229,880 ) (492,741 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before provision for income taxes (12,462,903 ) 595,017 Provision for income taxes 19,115 1,307,965 Loss from continuing operations (12,482,018 ) (712,948 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net (4,139,037 ) 1,893,008 Net income (loss) (16,621,055 ) 1,180,060 Other comprehensive gain: Foreign currency translation gain — 1,375,023 Comprehensive income (loss) $ (16,621,055 ) $ 2,555,083 Basic income (loss) per common share Loss from continuing operations $ (0.75 ) $ (0.05 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations $ (0.25 ) $ 0.12 Net income (loss) $ (1.00 ) $ 0.08 Diluted income (loss) per common share Loss from continuing operations $ (0.75 ) $ (0.04 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations $ (0.25 ) $ 0.10 Net income (loss) $ (1.00 ) $ 0.07 Weighted average common shares outstanding — basic 16,680,946 15,608,697 Weighted average common shares outstanding — diluted 16,680,946 18,337,162 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 52 RADIENT PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY For The Years Ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Accumulated Stockholders’ Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Equity Balance, January 1, 2008 14,979,528 $ 14,980 — $ — $ 61,525,001 $ 1,068,429 $ (36,886,897 ) $ 25,721,513 Beneficial conversion feature related to Convertible Debt — — — — 2,635,000 — — 2,635,000 Common stock issued for cash, net of issuance costs of $142,410 323,626 323 — — 856,948 — — 857,271 Exercise of warrants 252,733 253 — — 559,277 — — 559,530 Common stock issued for consulting services 270,187 270 — — 706,780 — — 707,050 Stock-based employee and director compensation — — — — 1,034,175 — — 1,034,175 Estimated fair value of warrants issued to brokers for debt issuances — — — — 768,604 — — 768,604 Estimated fair value of warrants and options issued to third parties for services — — — — 106,626 — — 106,626 Translation gain — — — — — 1,375,023 — 1,375,023 Net income — — — — — — 1,180,060 1,180,060 Balance, December 31, 2008 15,826,074 15,826 — — 68,192,411 2,443,452 (35,706,837 ) 34,944,852 Common stock issued for consulting services 1,437,126 1,438 — — 650,390 — — 651,828 Stock-based employee and director compensation — — — — 666,623 — — 666,623 Estimated fair value of warrants issued to brokers for debt issuances — — — — 1,975,920 — — 1,975,920 Estimated fair value of warrants and options issued to third parties for services — — — — 35,625 — — 35,625 Common stock granted as compensation to members of the Company’s Board of Directors 120,000 120 — — 71,880 — — 72,000 Stock option modification — — — — 129,360 — — 129,360 Voluntary conversion of debt 1,342,956 1,342 — — 1,090,447 — — 1,091,789 Common stock sold for cash 3,289,285 3,289 — — 809,031 — — 812,320 Derivative liability in connection with stock offering — — — — (509,839 ) — — (509,839 ) Common stock issued to note holder due to default 250,000 250 — — 72,500 — — 72,750 Adoption of change in accounting principal related to derivatives — — — — (209,166 ) — (110,661 ) (319,827 ) Reclassification of derivative liability upon expiration of share adjustment terms — — — — 133,866 — 133,866 Reclassification adjustment of accumulated translation gains in connection with deconsolidation and sale of YYB — — — — — (2,443,452 ) — (2,443,452 ) Net loss — — — — — — (16,621,055 ) (16,621,055 ) Balance, December 31, 2009 22,265,441 $ 22,265 — $ — $ 73,109,048 $ — $ (52,438,553 ) $ 20,692,760 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 53 RADIENT PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) $ (16,621,055 ) $ 1,180,060 Less: (loss) income from discontinued operations (4,139,037 ) 1,893,008 (12,482,018 ) (712,948 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation and amortization 1,095,771 1,343,677 Amortization of debt issuance costs 1,770,377 12,386 Fair market value of common stock options granted to employees and directors for services 795,983 1,034,175 Fair market value of common stock, warrants and options granted for services 593,279 1,617,592 Fair market value of warrants accounted for as derivative liabilities 35,558 — Change in fair value of derivative liabilities (648,313 ) — Penalties on Cantone Debt 192,131 — Provision for bad debts 1,890,762 — Loss on deconsolidation 1,953,516 — Gain on the settlement of accounts payable (47,251 ) — Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 4,489,789 (11,656,294 ) Related party account with Jade Capital — 880,927 Inventories 122,670 (1,313,331 ) Prepaid consulting, expenses and other assets (3,890,720 ) 261,059 Accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued salaries and wages and other long-term liabilities 1,228,486 1,679,871 Income taxes payable (320,398 ) 794,411 Deferred revenue 15,393 (172,405 ) Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations (3,204,985 ) (6,230,880 ) Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations 101,457 1,559,721 Net cash used in operating activities (3,103,528 ) (4,671,159 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment (1,744,065 ) (1,490,224 ) Cash balance divested from deconsolidation of subsidiary (53,658 ) — Funds advanced to KangDa — (635,386 ) Repayment of funds from KangDa — 655,471 Payments received from notes receivable — 159,859 Net cash used in investing activities (1,797,723 ) (1,310,280 ) Net cash used in investing activities of discontinued operations (852,955 ) (17,252 ) Net cash used in investing activities (2,650,678 ) (1,327,532 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of bridgenote, net of issuance costs 43,000 — Payments on notes payable — (2,195,644 ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt, net of cash offering costs 520,556 2,084,401 Proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net of cash offering costs 2,088,592 856,714 Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of cash offering costs 812,320 857,271 Proceeds from the exercise of warrants and options, net of commission and expenses — 559,530 Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations 3,464,468 2,162,272 Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations — (86,758 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 3,464,468 2,075,514 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 14,600 52,967 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (2,275,138 ) (3,870,210 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 2,287,283 6,157,493 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 12,145 $ 2,287,283 See Note 1 to consolidated financial statements for supplemental cash flow information and non-cash investing and financing activities. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 54 NOTE 1 — ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Nature of Business Since inception, Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the “Company”, or “Radient”, “We”, or “Our”) has been engaged in: • commercial development of, and obtaining various governmental regulatory approvals for its proprietary diagnostic tumor-marker test kit, ONKO-SURE tm (formally ONKO-SURE tm ® ), which detects the presence of multiple types of cancer, and • the international commercialization of its Elleuxe tm branded Skin Care products. Prior to September 2009, the Company manufactured and distributed generic and homeopathic pharmaceutical products and supplements as well as cosmetic products in China through a wholly owned subsidiary Jade Pharmaceutical Inc., (“JPI”) and JPI’s two wholly owned subsidiaries, Jiangxi Jiezhong Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“JJB”) and Yangbian Yiqiao Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“YYB”). YYB was sold by JPI on June 26, 2009. Due to several factors including deterioration in its relationship with local management of JPI, the Company relinquished control over JPI and converted its interest in JPI to that of an investment to be accounted for under the cost method, effective September 29, 2009. Accordingly, since September 29, 2009, the accounts and transactions of JPI have been deconsolidated from the financial statements of Radient. Deconsolidation During the third quarter of 2009, it became apparent to the Company’s management that the working relationship with management of its operations in China was becoming increasingly strained. Accordingly, the Company deemed it appropriate to seek alternative means of monetizing its investment. There were several issues that caused the Company to conclude accordingly, including, but not limited to: • Lack of timely responses by the management in China to requests by Company management for financial information; • Lack of responsiveness by management in China to requests for transfer of Company funds to bank accounts under corporate control; • Lack of timely communication with Corporate management concerning significant decisions made by management in China concerning the disposal of the YYB subsidiary; and • Lack of timely communication with corporate officers concerning operations in China. Effective September 29, 2009 (the “Effective Date”), based on unanimous consent of the Company’s board of directors and an executed binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between the Company and Henry Jia, Frank Zheng and Yuan Da Xia (collectively, the “JPI Shareholders”), the Company deconsolidated all activity of JPI. Based on the Agreement and in accordance with current accounting guidelines, the Company deconsolidated JPI as of the date the Company ceased to have a controlling financial interest, which was effective September 29, 2009. In accordance with the Agreement, the Company agreed to exchange its shares of JPI for 28,000,000 non-voting shares of preferred stock, which represents 100% outstanding preferred shares, relinquished all rights to past and future profits, surrendered its management positions and agreed to non-authoritative minority role on its board of directors. 55 Based on the Company’s evaluation of current accounting guidance, it was determined that the Company did not maintain significant influence over the investee and, accordingly, has recorded such investment in accordance with the cost method. Although, the Company maintains significant economic ownership in JPI, based on its evaluation of its lack of ability to influence, lack of a role in policy and decision making, no significant planned intercompany activity, among other things, the Company concluded that it would not be appropriate to account for such investment in consolidation or under the equity method of accounting. In accordance with current accounting guidance, the Company has recorded the investment in JPI at its fair value as of the date of deconsolidation and recorded a loss in the statement of operations based on the difference between the fair value of the consideration received, the fair value of the retained noncontrolling interest and the carrying amount of JPI’s assets and liabilities at such date (as detailed below): Consideration Received $ 3,405,946 ( 1) Fair value of non-controlling interest 20,500,000 (2) 23,905,946 Net assets of JPI (25,859,462 ) (3) Loss on deconsolidation $ (1,953,516 ) ____________ (1) Consideration consisted of the following: a. Note receivable of $5,350,000, which the Company recorded a reserve of $2,675,000 based on its evaluation of collectibility, including historical and expected repayment patterns. The note receivable bears interest at 12%, which the Company is currently not accruing. Final repayment terms are being negotiated. b. $730,946 of salaries and related interest which were accrued by the Company and will be exchanged for 730,946 shares of JPI common stock. (2) The fair value assigned to the investment was based on estimates and assumptions determined by management, including, but not limited to: • Sales growth — based on management’s expectations and historical analysis • Cost of sales/Gross Margin — Based on historical analysis and management expectations • Selling, General and Administrative Expenses — Based on historical analysis and management expectations • Comparable Public Companies — Based on same or similar line of business as the Company and those that possessed similar to those of the Company. • Discounts — The Company evaluated discounts related to the following: • Lack of control • Lack of marketability (3) The net assets of JPI consisted of the following: Cash $ 53,658 Other current assets 18,920,177 Property and equipment 9,381,118 Other long term assets 3,464,715 Total assets $ 31,819,668 Current portion of notes payable $ (2,673,154 ) Other current liabilities (1,122,936 ) Other comprehensive income (2,164,116 ) Total liabilities $ (5,960,206 ) Net Assets $ 25,859,462 56 Discontinued Operations and Dispositions On January 22, 2009, the Company’s board of directors authorized management to sell the operations of YYB. The Company has classified the assets, liabilities, operations and cash flows of YYB as discontinued operations for all periods presented prior to the sale. The Company sold YYB in June 2009. Proceeds from the sale of YYB consist of a note receivable in the amount of 16 million RMB (approximately U.S. $2,337,541), which is to be paid directly to a bank. JPI owed this bank approximately 18,250,000 RMB (approximately U.S. $2,668,000) at the date of sale. In connection with the sale, JPI transferred rights to certain land and land use rights upon sale. JPI remains liable under the debt obligation with the bank, as such obligation did not pass to the buyer. Accordingly, JPI recorded a note receivable of $2,337.541 on its books, which is due through 2010. The loss on the sale of YYB is summarized as follows (in U.S. dollars): Sales price $ 2,337,541 Carrying value of net assets 6,723,605 Loss on sale $ (4,386,064 ) Summarized operating results of discontinued operations through June 26, 2009 (the date of sale) and for the year ended December 31, 2008 are as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 Revenue $ 594,839 $ 3,967,643 Income before income taxes $ 277,743 $ 1,081,021 Included in income (loss) from discontinued operations, net are income tax expenses of $30,717 and $5,213 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. YYB’s tax rate is 15% through 2010 in accordance with the “Western Region Development Concession Policy” of the PRC government. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts at June 26, 2009 (the date of sale) and December 31, 2008 of the major classes of assets and liabilities of the Company’s business classified as discontinued operations: As of June 26, 2009 (Date of Sale) As of December 31, 2008 Current assets: Cash $ 1,044,550 $ -- Accounts receivable, net 1,094,399 930,769 Inventories 584,886 423,842 Other current assets 3,975 80,410 $ 2,727,810 $ 1,435,021 Long-lived assets: Property and equipment 2,097,076 $ 1,742,739 Other 3,040,406 47,195 $ 5,137,482 $ 1,789,934 Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 569,188 685,360 Debt 572,500 466,155 $ 1,141,688 $ 1,151,515 57 Going Concern The consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company incurred losses before discontinued operations of $12,482,018 and $712,948 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of $52,438,553 at December 31, 2009. In addition, the Company used cash from operating activities of continuing operations of $3,204,985. During the second quarter 2009 the Company’s corporate management became aware of certain internal disputes in China between the management of JJB and JPI. These disputes have effectively resulted in difficulties in managing the operations of JJB and also receiving financial information from them. As a result of this loss of control, the Company entered into the Agreement to deconsolidate JPI (see above). On April 14, 2010 the Company had cash on hand of approximately $6.4 million. The Company’s operations currently require approximately $300,000 per month exclusive of interest payments. The monthly cash requirement of $300,000 does not include any extraordinary items or expenditures, including payments to the Mayo Clinic on clinical trials for the Company’s ONKO-SURE tm kit or expenditures related to further development of the CIT technology, as no significant expenditures are anticipated other than recurring legal fees incurred in furtherance to of patent protection for the CIT technology. From January 1, 2010 through April 13, 2010, the Company raised gross proceeds of approximately $6,000,000 from the issuance of additional 12% convertible promissory notes payable and $512,000 from the exercise of warrants to purchase 400,000 shares. Additionally, in 2010, the Company entered into a 5-year collaboration agreement with a third party to commercialize the Company’s CIT technology in India, resulting in a potential revenue sharing arrangement. The Company is actively securing additional distribution agreements that include potential revenue sharing arrangements in 2010. The Company’s near and long-term operating strategies focus on (i) obtaining SFDA approval for the ONKO-SURE tm kit, (ii) further developing and marketing of ONKO-SURE tm , (iii) seeking a large pharmaceutical partner for the Company’s CIT technology in other locations, (iv) selling different formulations of HPE-based products in the U.S. and internationally and (v) introduction of new products. Management recognizes that ability to achieve any of these objectives is dependent upon obtaining significant additional financing to sustain operations to enable it to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans include seeking financing, alliances or other partnership agreements with entities interested in the Company’s technologies, or other business transactions that would generate sufficient resources to assure continuation of the Company’s operations and research and development programs. There are significant risks and uncertainties which could negatively affect the Company operations. These are principally related to (i) the absence of substantive distribution network for the Company’s ONKO-SURE tm kits, (ii) the early stage of development of the Company’s CIT technology and the need to enter into additional strategic relationships with larger companies capable of completing the development of any ultimate product line including the subsequent marketing of such product, (iii) the absence of any commitments or firm orders from the Company’s distributors, (iv) possible defaults in existing indebtedness and (v) failure to meet operational covenants in existing financing agree ments which would trigger additional defaults or penalties. The Company’s limited sales to date for the ONKO-SURE tm kit and the lack of any purchase requirements in the existing distribution agreements make it impossible to identify any trends in the Company’s business prospects. Moreover, if either AcuVector and/or the University of Alberta is successful in their claims, we may be liable for substantial damages, the Company’s rights to the CIT technology will be adversely affected, and the Company’s future prospects for licensing the CIT technology will be significantly impaired. 58 The Company’s only sources of additional funds to meet continuing operating expenses, fund additional research and development and fund additional working capital are through the sale of securities, and/or debt instruments. We are actively seeking additional debt or equity financing, but no assurances can be given that such financing will be obtained or what the terms thereof will be. We may need to discontinue a portion or all of its operations if the Company is unsuccessful in generating positive cash flow or financing for the Company’s operations through the issuance of securities. Principles of Consolidation As of September 29, 2009, the Company deconsolidated JPI, but for the period of January 1, 2009 through September 29, 2009 the operations of JPI have been consolidated in the statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and statement of cash flows. Intercompany transactions for the period ended September 29, 2009 have been eliminated in consolidation. In addition, the Company consolidated the operations of YYB through June 26, 2009 (the date of sale), which have been classified as discontinued operations at December 31, 2008 and for the years ended December 31, 2009. Reclassifications Reclassifications have been made to prior year consolidated financial statements in order to conform the presentation to the statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2009. Revenue Recognition In China, in 2009, through the date of the deconsolidation on September 29, 2009, the Company generated revenues of approximately $8,469,000 primarily from wholesale sales of over-the-counter and prescription pharmaceuticals and cosmetic products. The Company’s revenues outside of china totaled approximately $158,000 for the year ended December 31, 2009. See Note 13 for Segment Reporting. Wholesale Sales Revenues from the wholesale sales of over-the counter and prescription pharmaceuticals are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the buyer, the price is fixed or readily determinable and collection is reasonably assured, as noted in the appropriate accounting guidance. During the third and fourth quarters of 2009, the Company entered into several distribution agreements for various geographic locations with a third party. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company sells product to the distributor at a base price that is the greater of a fixed amount (as defined in each agreement) or 50% of the distributor’s invoiced Net Sales price (as defined) to its customers. The distributor is required to provide the Company quarterly reconciliations of the distributor’s actual invoiced prices at which time the price becomes fixed and determinable by the Company. Until the price is fixed and determinable, the Company defers the recognition of revenues under these arrangements. As of December 31, 2009, the Company had $103,128 of deferred revenue related to these arrangements recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. In conjunction with the launch of the Company’s Goodnak facial creams, distributors of the products were offered limited-time discounts to allow for promotional expenses incurred in the distribution channel. Distributors are not required to submit proof of the promotional expenses incurred. The Company accounts for the promotional expenses in accordance with FASB ASC 815-30-35 Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer (Including a Reseller of the Vendor’s Products), (“ ASC 815-30-35”). Accordingly, the promotional discounts have been netted against revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and com prehensive income (loss). Accounts receivable have also been reduced by the promotional discounts, as customers are permitted by the terms of the distribution contracts to net the discounts against payments on the related invoices. Any provision for sales promotion discounts and estimated returns are accounted for in the period the related sales are recorded. Buyers generally have limited rights of return, and the Company provides for estimated returns at the time of sale based on historical experience. Returns from customers historically have not been material. Actual returns and claims in any future period may differ from the Company’s estimates. 59 In accordance with FASB ASC 605-45-50-3, Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities, (“ASC 605-45-50-3”), JPI’s revenues are reported net of value added taxes (“VAT”) collected. Accounting for Shipping and Handling Revenue, Fees and Costs The Company classifies amounts billed for shipping and handling as revenue in accordance with FASB ASC 605-45-50-2, Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs (“ASC 605-45-50-2”). Shipping and handling fees and costs are included in cost of sales. Other Comprehensive Income and Foreign Currency Translation FASB ASC 220-10-05, Comprehensive Income , establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income and its components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements. Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currency of JPI is the Yuan Renminbi (“RMB”). For 2008, the balance sheet accounts of JPI were translated into United States dollars from RMB at year end exchange rates and for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the period ended September 29, 2009, all revenues and expenses are translated into United States dollars at average exchange rates prevailing during the periods in which these items arise. For 2008, capital accounts were translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Translation gain of $1,375,023 for 2008 was recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of stockholders’ equity. The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into United States dollars at the rates used in translation. Research and Development Internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Non-refundable third party research and development costs are expensed when the contracted work has been performed. Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Inventories JPI recorded inventories at the lower of weighted-average cost (which approximates cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. Major components of inventories were raw materials, packaging materials, direct labor and production overhead. Radient’s inventories consist primarily of raw materials and related materials, are stated at the lower of cost or market with cost determined on a first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) basis. The Company regularly monitors inventories for excess or obsolete items and makes any valuation corrections when such adjustments are needed. From time to time, provisions are made to reduce excess or obsolete inventories to their estimated net realizable value. Once established, write-downs are considered permanent adjustments to the cost basis of the obsolete or excess inventories. font> 60 Property and Equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives as follows: Machinery and equipment, including lab equipment 5 to 15 years Office equipment 3 to 5 years Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Renewals and improvements of a major nature are capitalized. At the time of retirement or other disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gains or losses are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations. Intangible Assets The Company owns intellectual property rights and an assignment of a US patent application for its CIT technology. The technology was purchased from Dr. Lung-Ji Chang, who developed it while at the University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada. The purchase price is being amortized over the expected useful life of the technology, which the Company determined to be 20 years, based upon an estimate of three years to perfect the patent plus 17 years of patent life. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets In accordance with FASB ASC 360-10-5, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , the Company evaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such carrying values may not be recoverable. The Company uses its best judgment based on the current facts and circumstances relating to its business when determining whether any significant impairment factors exist. The Company considers the following factors or conditions, among others, that could indicate the need for an impairment review: • significant under performance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; • market projections for cancer research technology; • its ability to obtain patents, including continuation patents, on technology; • significant changes in its strategic business objectives and utilization of the assets; • significant negative industry or economic trends, including legal factors; • potential for strategic partnerships for the development of its patented technology; • changing or implementation of rules regarding manufacture or sale of pharmaceuticals in China; and • ability to maintain Good Manufacturing Process (“GMP”) certifications. If the Company determines that the carrying values of long-lived assets may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators of impairment, the Company’s management performs an undiscounted cash flow analysis to determine if impairment exists. If impairment exists, the Company measures the impairment based on the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and its fair value, and the impairment is charged to operations in the period in which the long-lived asset impairment is determined by management. During the quarter ended September 30, 2009, the Company recorded an entry of $161,057 to remove capitalized accounting software associated with the deconsolidation of JPI on September 29, 2009. Based on its analysis, the Company believes that no further indicators of impairment of the carrying value of its long-lived assets existed at December 31, 2009. There can be no assurance, however, that market conditions will not change or demand for the Company’s products will continue or allow the Company to realize the value of its long-lived assets and prevent future impairment. 61 Risks and Uncertainties The Company’s proprietary test kit is deemed a medical device or biologic, and as such is governed by the Federal Food and Drug and Cosmetics Act and by the regulations of state agencies and various foreign government agencies. Prior to July 3, 2008, the Company was not permitted to sell the ONKO-SURE tm test kit in the U.S. except on a “research use only” basis, as regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“USFDA”). The Company has received regulatory approval from various foreign governments to sell its products and is in the process of obtaining regulatory approval in other foreign markets. There can be no assurance that the Company will maintain the regulatory approvals required to market its ONKO-SURE tm test kit or that they will not be withdrawn. Prior to May 2002, the Company’s focus was on obtaining foreign distributors for its ONKO-SURE tm test kit. In May 2002, the Company decided to begin the USFDA process under Section 510(k) of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act for approval of its intent to market the ONKO-SURE tm test kit as an aid in monitoring patients with colorectal cancer. On July 3, 2008, the Company received a letter of determination from the USFDA that the ONKO-SURE tm test kit was “substantially equivalent” to the existing predi cate device being marketed. The letter grants the Company the right to market the ONKO-SURE tm test kit as a device to monitor patients who have been previously diagnosed with colorectal cancer. Although the Company had obtained approval from the USFDA to market the then current formulation of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit, it had been determined that one of the key components of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit, the anti-fibrinogen-HRP was limited in supply and additional quantities could not be purchased. Subsequently, the Company has identified and tested a substitute antibody that performs as well as the previously limiting antibody which we are currently evaluating. The Company now anticipates that it will complete the validation of the substitute anti-fibrinogen-HRP by the end of 2010, which creates a significant supply of the current version (300 to 500 times more than previous levels) of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Based on current and anticipated orders, this supply is adequate to fill all orders. Part of the Company’s research and development efforts through 2010 will include the testing and development of an enhanced and improved version of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit. Pilot studies show that the new version could be superior to the current version. The Company is currently working with a third party to take the lead on necessary clinical studies. It is anticipated that this version will be submitted to the USFDA in the latter half of 2010. In June 2007, the Chinese approval process fundamentally changed. Under the new SFDA guidelines, the SFDA is unlikely to approve the marketing of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit without one of the following: approval by the USFDA, sufficient clinical trials in China, or product approval from a country where the ONKO-SURE tm test kit is registered and approved for marketing and export. We are not currently pursuing SFDA approval for ONKO-SURE tm in China. The Company is subject to the risk of failure in maintaining its existing regulatory approvals, in obtaining other regulatory approval, as well as the delays until receipt of such approval, if obtained. Therefore, the Company is subject to substantial business risks and uncertainties inherent in such an entity, including the potential of business failure. Risks and Uncertainties There are significant risks and uncertainties which could negatively affect the Company’s operations. These are principally related to (i) the absence of substantive distribution network for the Company’s ONKO-SURE tm kits, (ii) the early stage of development of the Company’s CIT technology and the need yet to be developed to enter into a strategic relationship with a larger company capable of completing the development of any ultimate product line including the subsequent marketing of such product and (iii) the absence of any commitments or firm orders from the Company’s distributors. The Company’s limited sales to date for the ONKO-SURE tm kit and the lack of any purchase requirements in the existing distribution agreements make it impossible to identify any trends in the Company’s business prospects. Moreover, if either AcuVector and/or the University of Alberta is successful in their claims, the Company may be liable for substantial damages, the Company’s rights to the CIT technology will be adversely affected, and the Company’s future prospects for licensing the CIT technology will be significantly impaired. 62 Share-Based Compensation All issuances of the Company’s common stock for non-cash consideration have been assigned a per share amount equaling either the market value of the shares issued or the value of consideration received, whichever is more readily determinable. The majority of non-cash consideration received pertains to services rendered by consultants and others and has been valued at the market value of the shares on the measurement date. The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to consultants and vendors in exchange for goods and services in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 505-50-30, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees, (“ASC 505-50-30”) the measurement date for the fair value of the equity instruments issued is determined at the earlier of (i) the date at which a commitment for performance by the consultant or vendor is reached or (ii) the date at which the consultant or vendor’s performance is complete. In the case of equity instruments issued to consultants, the fair value of the equity instrument is recognized over the term of the consulting agreement. Under the relevant accounting guidance, assets acquired in exchange for the issuance of fully vested, non-forfeitable equity instruments should not be presented or classified as an offset to equity on the grantor’s balance sheet once the equity instrument is granted for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the Company records the fair value of the fully vested, non-forfeitable common stock issued for future consulting services as prepaid expense in its consolidated balance sheet. We have employee compensation plans under which various types of stock-based instruments are granted. We account for our share-based payments in accordance with FASB ASC 718-10, “ Stock Compensation ” (“ASC 718-10”). This statement requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be measured based upon their grant date fair value, and be recognized in the statements of operations as compensation expense (based on their estimated fair values) generally over the vesting period of the awards. Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share 63 The following table sets for the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008: 2009 2008 Numerator: Net income (loss) $ (16,621,055 ) $ 1,180,060 Numerator for basic per share amounts — income available (loss attributable) to common stockholders $ (16,621,055 ) $ 1,180,060 Interest on convertible debt -- 73,581 Numerator for diluted per share amounts $ (16,621,055 ) $ 1,253,641 Denominator: Denominator for basic per share amounts — weighted-average shares 16,608,946 15,608,697 Effect of dilutive securities: Options and warrants — dilutive potential common shares calculated using the treasury stock method -- 573,593 Incremental shares from assumed conversion — convertible debt -- 2,154,872 Denominator for diluted per share amounts 16,680,946 18,337,162 Basic income (loss) per common share $ (1.00 ) $ 0.08 Diluted income (loss) per common share $ (1.00 ) $ 0.07 Basic income (loss) per common share is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period. Diluted income (loss) per share includes the effect of potential shares outstanding, including dilutive stock options and warrants, using the treasury stock method, and shares issuable upon conversion of debt. In periods of losses, basic and diluted loss per share are the same as the effect of stock options, warrants and shares issuable upon conversion of debt on loss per share is anti-dilutive. However, the impact under the treasury stock method of dilutive stock options and warrants would have increased diluted weighted - average shares by 246,190 shares for the year ended December 31, 2 009. The conversion price of the Company’s debt assumed in the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 is $1.20 per share, based on the conversion price that would have been in effect and the interest accrued through the year then ended. The potentially dilutive effect of 201,103 options and warrants issuable upon conversion of the debt is not considered in the calculation of earnings per share on December 31, 2009 as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Diluted income per share for the year ended December 31, 2008 excludes the impact of 7,436,107 options and warrants because the exercise price per share for those options and warrants exceeds the average market price of the Company’s common stock during the year ended December 31, 2008. The potentially dilutive effect of 1,077,436 options and warrants issuable upon conversion of the debt is considered in the calculation of earnings per share using the treasury stock method, based on the exercise price that would have been in effect had the warrants been issued on December 31, 2008. All such warrants have been excluded from the calculation because the minimum exercise price of such warrants exceeds the average market price of the Company’s common stock during the years ended December 31, 2008. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC 740-10, “Income Taxes” (“ ASC 740-10 ”). Under ASC 740-10, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A valuation allowance is provided for significant deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such as sets will not be recovered. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon sett lement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. 64 At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company has accrued zero for the payment of tax related interest and there was no tax interest or penalties recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates made by management are, among others, realizability of inventories, recoverability of long-lived assets, valuation and useful lives of intangible assets, note receivable from JPI, valuation of derivative liabilities, valuation of investment in JPI, and valuation of common stock options, warrants and deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amounts of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their estimated fair values due to the short-term maturities of those financial instruments. The Company believes the carrying amount of its notes payable approximates its fair value based on rates and other terms currently available to the Company for similar debt instruments. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company applies the provisions of FASB ASC 815-10, Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC 815-10”). Derivatives within the scope of ASC 815-10 must be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. The Company issued convertible debt in September 2008, and recorded a derivative asset related to the limitation on bonus interest rights held by convertible debt holders in the event of a change in control or bankruptcy. The fair value of the derivative asset was $125,000 at December 31, 2008. During 2009, certain convertible debt holders converted the principal and accrued interest which resulted in a decrease of the derivative asset to $80,913 at December 31, 2009. In connection with the convertible debt issued in September 2008, the Company was required to issue additional warrants as a result of the reset provision of the exercise price. The convertible debt warrant agreements provided for additional warrants to be issued within six months after the final close date of the convertible debt or March 15, 2009, if the Company issued or sold any shares of common stock (other than exercise of outstanding options or warrants) for consideration less than the exercise price of the warrants issued to the convertible debt holders. In 2008, the initial warrant value of $209,166 was originally recorded to additional paid in capital. Upon the adoption of ASC 815-10 at January 1, 2009, the Company removed from additional paid in capital $209,166 and recorded the derivative liability at its then fair value of $98,308 with the offset of $110,858 to retained earnings. The derivative liability was increased to $133,866 at March 15, 2009 (its then fair value), resulting in a charge to other expense of $35,558 and then the derivative liability was reclassified back to additional paid in capital as the six months term had expired. During 2009, the Company issued convertible debt with warrants and recorded derivative liabilities related to the beneficial conversion feature of the convertible debt and a reset provision associated with the exercise price of the warrants. The fair value on the grant date was $510,417 as computed using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In accordance with the accounting guidance associated with derivative instruments, the Company re-measured their values as of the end of the quarter. During 2009, the Company recorded a decrease of $450,956 to the derivative liabilities related to the decrease in fair value during the period ended December 31, 2009. On November 30, 2009, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Alpha Capital Group and Whalehaven Capital funds. The Company issued 1,860,714 and 1,428,571 shares of the Company’s common stock to Alpha Capital Group and Whalehaven Capital Funds, respectively. The stock price of the common shares issued was valued at $0.28 per share with aggregate proceeds of $812,320, which is net of direct offering costs of $108,680. In connection with the securities purchase agreement, the Company also issued 6.5 year warrants, which represents 50% of the common stock issuances. As a result, the Company issued warrants to purchase 930,357 and 714,286 of the Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, at an exercise price of $1.25 per share to Alpha Capital Group and Whalehaven Capital Fund s, respectively, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. The terms associated with the reset of the exercise price of the warrants resulted in classifying these warrants as derivative liabilities. On the date of issuance, the Company recorded a derivative liability of $509,839. The derivative was revalued at December 31, 2009, which resulted in a change in fair value of the derivative liability. In connection with the revaluation, the Company recorded a gain of $197,357 in the change in fair value of derivative liabilities of the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 65 Fair Value Measurements The Company determines the fair value of its derivative instruments using a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements which these assets and liabilities must be grouped, based on significant levels of observable or unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. This hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. These two types of inputs have created the following fair-value hierarchy: Level 1 — Valuation based on unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical securities. Currently, the Company does not have any items as Level 1. Level 2 — Valuations based on observable inputs (other than Level 1 prices), such as quoted prices for similar assets at the measurement date; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. Currently, the Company does not have any items classified as Level 2. Level 3 — Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement, and involve management judgment. The Company used a Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the instruments. If the inputs used to measure fair value fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy, a financial security’s hierarchy level is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The following table presents the Company’s warrants and embedded conversion features measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2009 classified using the valuation hierarchy: Level 3 Carrying Value December 31, 2009 Embedded conversion options $ 269,758 Warrants 85,000 $ 354,758 Decrease in fair value included in other income (expense) $ 648,313 The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the Company’s derivative liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs: Balance at January 1, 2009 $ — Derivative liabilities added — warrants 250,000 Derivative liabilities added — conversion options 770,256 Amount converted to additional paid-in capital for the conversion of debt (17,185 ) Change in fair value (648,313 ) Balance at December 31, 2009 $ 354,758 66 Advertising Costs Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were approximately $14,000 and $27,900 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Concentrations of Credit Risk Cash From time to time, the Company maintains cash balances at certain institutions in excess of the FDIC limit. As of December 31, 2009, the Company had no cash balances in excess of this limit. Customers In the United States, the Company’s ability to collect receivables is affected by economic fluctuations in the geographic areas and the industry served by the Company. A reserve for uncollectible amounts and estimated sales returns is provided based on historical experience and a specific analysis of the accounts which management believes is sufficient. Accounts receivable is net of a reserve for doubtful accounts and sales returns of $73,446 at December 31, 2008. There are no accounts receivable balances as of December 31, 2009. As of December 31, 2008, amounts due from six customers, each with receivables in excess of 10% of accounts receivable, comprised 19%, 14%, 13%, 13%, 12% and 12% of outstanding accounts receivable. For the year ended December 31, 2009, one customer comprised 11% of net revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2008, one customer comprised more than 17% of net revenues. All of the related concentrations were in the Company’s JPI subsidiary, which was deconsolidated in September 2009 (see above). Supplemental Cash Flow Information 2009 2008 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest $ 323,201 $ 332,233 Cash paid during the period for taxes $ 695,322 $ 2,562,485 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Warrants issued to brokers, included in prepaid consulting $ 88,000 $ — Warrants issued in connection with senior notes and bridge loan included in debt discount $ 1,887,920 $ — Reclassification of amounts recorded to additional paid-in capital to warrant liability, including $110,858 recorded to retained earnings, representing the change in value of the warrants from date of issuance to January 1, 2009 $ 209,166 $ — Reclassification of derivative liability related to warrants to additional paid-in capital upon expiration of share adjustment terms $ 133,866 $ — Conversion of warrants to common stock $ 38 $ — Voluntary conversion of convertible debt and accrued interest $ 1,074,605 $ — Conversion of accounts payable to stock $ 75,751 $ — Broker warrants issued in connection with convertible debt $ — $ 209,166 Broker warrants issued in connection with senior debt $ — $ 559,438 Receipt of machines as partial settlement of note receivable $ — $ 472,451 Derivative asset recorded in issuance of convertible debt $ — $ 125,000 Fair value of common stock recorded as prepaid consulting $ — $ 527,801 Fair value of warrants issued for services, included in prepaid expense $ 283,951 $ 83,875 Carrying value of net assets of JPI before deconsolidation $ 25,698,405 $ — Fair value of derivative liabilities $ 1,020,256 $ — Conversion of accrued salaries to ownership of JPI $ 730,496 $ — 67 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2009, the FASB issued ASU No. 2009-05, Measuring Liabilities at Fair Value , which provides additional guidance on how companies should measure liabilities at fair value under ASC 820. The ASU clarifies that the quoted price for an identical liability should be used. However, if such information is not available, an entity may use, the quoted price of an identical liability when traded as an asset, quoted prices for similar liabilities or similar liabilities traded as assets, or another valuation technique (such as the market or income approach). The ASU also indicates that the fair value of a liability is not adjusted to reflect the impact of contractual restrictions that prevent its transfer and indica tes circumstances in which quoted prices for an identical liability or quoted price for an identical liability traded as an asset may be considered level 1 fair value measurements. This ASU is effective October 1, 2009. During 2009, the Company adopted this standard, but it did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In October 2009, the FASB issued ASU No. 2009-15, Accounting for Own-Share Lending Arrangements in Contemplation of Convertible Debt Issuance , to provide guidance on share-lending arrangements entered into on an entities own shares. The Company does not expect it to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. Other new pronouncements issued but not effective until after December 31, 2009, are not expected to have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements. We have evaluated subsequent events through the filing date of this Form 10-K/A, and determined that no subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition in the consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the notes thereto other than as disclosed in the accompanying notes. NOTE 2 — INVENTORIES Inventories consist of the following: December 31, 2009 2008 Raw materials 48,852 $ 719,389 Work-in-process 3,265 11,808 Finished goods 27,138 832,794 $ 79,255 $ 1,563,991 NOTE 3 — PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment consists of the following: December 31, 2009 2008 Building and improvements $ — $ 7,774,591 Machinery and equipment — 4,233,129 Office equipment 120,019 431,049 Lab equipment 71,755 12,372 Construction in progress — 1,229,319 191,774 13,680,460 Less accumulated depreciation (108,227 ) (1,970,872 ) $ 83,547 $ 11,709,588 Depreciation expense was $686,197 and $962,075 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 68 NOTE 4 — INTANGIBLE ASSETS Intangible assets consist of the following at December 31, 2009: Gross Value Accumulated Amortization Net Amortization (in years) Assets subject to amortization: Intellectual property $ 2,000,000 $ (841,667 ) $ 1,158,333 20 Intangible assets consist of the following at December 31, 2008: Gross Value Accumulated Amortization Effect of Foreign Currency Translation Net Amortization (in years) Assets subject to amortization: Intellectual property $ 2,000,000 $ (741,667 ) — $ 1,258,333 20 Production rights 1,916,622 (318,986 ) 154,007 1,751,643 10 Land use rights 1,354,765 (99,094 ) 209,839 1,465,510 33 Non-compete agreements 324,415 (163,652 ) 32,483 193,246 5 Customer relationships 214,328 (77,904 ) 26,569 162,993 7 Trade name and logo 530,829 (129,041 ) 78,055 479,843 10 $ 6,340,959 $ (1,530,344 ) $ 500,953 $ 5,311,568 During the year ended December 31, 2009, gross intangible assets of approximately $4,330,000 and related accumulated amortization related to JPI and subsidiary were removed from the Company’s books as a result of the deconsolidation of JPI. In August 2001, the Company acquired intellectual property rights and an assignment of a US patent application for combination immunogene therapy (“CIT”) technology for $2,000,000. The technology was purchased from Dr. Lung-Ji Chang, who developed it while at the University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada. During 2003, two lawsuits were filed challenging the Company’s ownership of this intellectual property. The value of the intellectual property will be diminished if either of the lawsuits is successful (see Note 9). As part of the acquisition of the CIT technology, the Company agreed to pay Dr. Chang a 5% royalty on net sales of combination gene therapy products. The Company has not paid any royalties to Dr. Chang to date as there have been no sales of combination gene therapy products. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, amortization expense totaled $409,574 and $528,340 respectively. Assuming (1) no future impairment to the Company’s intellectual property and (2) no future acquisitions of intangible assets, amortization expense is expected to be $100,000 per year or the next five years. NOTE 5 — PREPAID EXPENSES, OTHER CURRENT ASSETS, AND OTHER ASSETS Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following: December 31, 2009 2008 Material deposits $ — $ 627,390 Due from officers and directors — 9,693 Current deferred tax asset — 92,798 Prepaid Insurance 52,703 143,566 Other 5,075 133,513 $ 57,778 $ 1,006,960 69 Other assets consist of the following: December 31, 2009 2008 Deposits, primarily product licenses $ — $ 3,000,354 Debt issuance costs (Note 7) 1,288,910 906,408 Convertible Debt derivative (Note 7) 80,913 125,000 Refundable deposits 24,538 40,670 $ 1,394,361 $ 4,072,432 Related to the $3,000,354 deposit for product licenses noted above in 2008 for JPI, revenues had not yet been generated from the product licenses included in other assets. At the time commercial sales of the product were to begin, the product licenses were to be reclassified to intangible assets and amortized to cost of goods sold using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the related product. NOTE 6 — INCOME TAXES Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation and subsidiaries are included in a consolidated Federal income tax return. The Company’s international subsidiaries file various income tax returns in their tax jurisdictions. The provision for income taxes is as follows: 2009 2008 Current: Federal $ (2,000 ) $ — State 1,000 1,000 Foreign — 1,815,000 Total current (1,000 ) 1,816,000 Deferred: Foreign — (92,000 ) Provision for income taxes $ (1,000 ) $ 1,724,000 The Company’s income (loss) before income tax provision was subject to taxes in the following jurisdictions for the following periods: 2009 2008 United States $ (11,748,766 ) $ (9,794,491 ) Foreign (5,225,636 ) 12,698,064 $ (16,974,202 ) $ 2,903,573 The income tax expense for 2008 relates to payments made to foreign tax jurisdictions and state minimum fees. The Company’s Chinese operations were deconsolidated in the third quarter of the year. See Note 1 for details. 70 The provision (benefit) for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. Federal income tax rate of 34% to loss before income taxes as a result of the following for the years ended December 31: 2009 2008 Computed tax benefit at federal statutory rate $ (5,772,000 ) $ 987,000 State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 1,000 1,000 Nondeductible Interest Expense 731,000 — Deferred Gain on JPI 5,518,000 — Foreign earnings taxed at different rates 1,776,000 (2,609,000 ) Stock issuances 481,000 640,000 Expired Net Operating Losses 546,000 — Valuation allowance on federal tax benefit (3,285,000 ) 2,685,000 Other 3,000 20,000 $ (1,000 ) $ 1,724,000 The components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: December 31, 2009 2008 Deferred tax asset: Net operating loss carryforwards $ 15,529,000 $ 13,288,000 Expenses recognized for granting of options and warrants 1,727,000 2,036,000 Tax credit carryforwards 245,000 216,000 Depreciation 3,000 — Other temporary differences 309,000 408,000 Total gross deferred tax asset 17,813,000 15,948,000 Valuation allowance (11,698,000 ) (15,663,000 ) Net deferred tax asset 6,115,000 285,000 Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred Gain on JPI (6,115,000 ) — Depreciation — (193,000 ) Total deferred tax liabilities (6,115,000 ) (193,000 ) Net deferred tax asset $ — $ 92,000 The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of the net deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The valuation allowance decreased by approximately $2,027,000 during the year ended December 31, 2009. At December 31, 2008, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $38.1 million and $29.1 million available to reduce federal and state taxable income, respectively. Approximately $1.6 million of federal net operating losses expired during the year. The federal and state net operating loss carryforward expire on various dates through 2023, unless previously utilized. The Company does not have any net operating losses that are attributable to excess stock option deductions which would be recorded as an increase in additional paid in-capital. The Company has research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately $113,000 and $132,000 to reduce federal and state income tax, respectively. The federal research and development tax credits will begin to expire in 2022, unless p reviously utilized. The Company’s California research and development tax credit carryforwards do not expire and will carryforward indefinitely until utilized. Any net operating loss or credit carryforwards that will expire prior to utilization will be removed from deferred tax assets with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. 71 Utilization of the net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership change limitations that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future as provided by Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as well as similar state and foreign provisions. These ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards than can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain shareholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. Since the Company’s formation, the Company has raised capital through the issuance of capital stock on several occasions which, combined with dispositions of shares, may have resulted in a change of control, or could result in a change of control when combined with future transactions. The Company has not currently completed a study to assess whether a change or changes in control have occurred due to the significant complexity and cost associated with such a study. Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the net operating loss or research and development credit carryforwards before utilization. On January 1, 2007 the Company adopted the provisions of FIN 48. As a result of applying the provisions of FIN 48, the Company increased its liability for unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $123,000, offsetting the valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets. Interest or penalties have not been accrued at December 31, 2009 or 2008. If tax benefits are ultimately recognized, there will be no impact to the Company’s effective tax rate as a result of the Company’s valuation allowance. The Company does not anticipate any significant increases or decreases to its liability for unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 month period. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits (which are not recorded as a liability because they are offset by net operating loss carryforwards) follows: 2009 2008 Unrecognized Tax Benefits: Balance at beginning of year $ 52,000 $ 123,000 Increase/(Decrease) for tax positions taken during the current period — 10,000 Increase/(Decrease) for tax positions taken in prior years, net 1,000 (81,000 ) Balance at end of year $ 53,000 $ 52,000 The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal and state income tax examinations for years before 2005 and 2004, respectively. However, to the extent allowed by law, the tax authorities may have the right to examine prior periods where net operating losses or tax credits were generated and carried forward, and make adjustments up to the amount of the net operating loss or credit carryforward amount. The Company is not currently under Internal Revenue Service or state tax examinations. NOTE 7 — NOTES PAYABLE Notes payable consists of the following: December 31, 2009 2008 Convertible Debt, net of unamortized discount, inclusive of bonus interest, of $2,000,649 and $3,765,000 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively $ 240,482 $ — Senior Notes payable, net of unamortized discount of $1,701,398 and $496,195 at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 1,918,486 581,305 Bank debt — 3,128,765 2,158,968 3,710,070 Less: Bank debt associated with discontinued operations of YYB — (466,155 ) Less: Current portion of long-term debt (1,316,667 ) (2,662,610 ) Less: Current portion of convertible note (240,482 ) — $ 601,819 $ 581,305 Convertible Debt In September 2008, the Company issued $2,510,000 of Convertible Debt securities (the “Convertible Debt”). The Convertible Debt bears interest at a coupon rate of 10%, and is due in September 2010 or upon a change in control of the Company or certain other events of default, as defined. However, if the Convertible Debt has not been converted to common stock at the maturity date, the holder will be entitled to receive bonus interest equal to 50% of the face value of the note, in addition to the coupon rate of interest. In the event of a change of control or bankruptcy, interest due is limited to the 10% coupon rate. Interest is payable at maturity. The Convertible Debt is unsecured and is junior in priority to the Senior Notes. 72 The terms of conversion allow that if the Company completes a registered public offering of at least $25 million (a “Qualified Financing”), all principal and accrued interest will automatically be converted into the Company’s common stock at a conversion price of $1.20, provided that the conversion shares to which the Convertible Debt holders shall be entitled to receive shall either have been registered for sale or salable under provisions of the Securities Act. If the Convertible Debt is not mandatorily converted upon a Qualified Financing, the maturity date of the notes will be accelerated to the closing date of the Qualified Financing. In the event of a forced conversion into common shares resulting from a Qualified Financing, holders of the Convertible Debt will be subject to a lock-up on any remaining shar es not sold in the offering for ninety (90) days after the public offering. Upon conversion, the holders will be entitled to receive five year warrants to purchase a number of common shares equal to 50% of the shares issued upon conversion, with an exercise price of 120% of Company’s common share price on the conversion date, however, in no case will the exercise price be less than $2.80. Holders of Convertible Debt may voluntarily convert any or all of the principal and interest due under the same terms noted above, with the exception that the shares may have resale restrictions. The shares of common stock issuable upon a voluntary conversion of the Convertible Debt carry so-called “piggy-back” registration rights should the Company file a registration statement in the future. The Company has the right to call the Convertible Debt if the market value of the Company’s common stock exceeds $6.18 for five consecutive days, provided that the note holders have the right to convert the debt to common shares within a stated period after notice of the Company’s intent to repay the debt has been delivered. In accordance with FASB ASC 815-10, the Company established a debt premium and derivative asset relative to the limitations on bonus interest that will occur upon a change in control or bankruptcy. The initial fair value of the derivative asset of $125,000 was based on a probability assessment of the payment alternatives. During 2009 approximately 35% of the principal balance was converted to equity (see below). Related to that transaction, the Company reduced its derivative asset by 35%, leaving a balance of $80,913 as of December 31, 2009. The derivative asset is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008. In accordance with FASB ASC 320-10, Investments-Debt and Equity Securities (“ASC 320-10”) and ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options , the Company also established a debt discount and a related credit to additional paid-in capital in the amount of $2,635,000, representing the value of the beneficial conversion feature inherent in the Convertible Debt, as limited to the face amount of the debt and the premium related to the derivative asset. Accordingly, the carrying value of the Convertible Debt, after allocation of the beneficial conversion feature to additional paid in capital, was $0. The net debt discount is being accreted over th e life of the debt using the effective-interest method, such that the carrying value of the debt at maturity will include bonus interest payable. The accretion was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2008. For the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recorded accretion of the debt discount of approximately $17,000. The Company also incurred debt issuance costs of $634,765 in association with the Convertible Debt, including $209,167 related to the issuance of 209,167 warrants issued to brokers. These warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following assumptions: (i) no dividend yield, (ii) weighted-average volatility of 95% (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 2.59%, and (iv) weighted-average expected life of 5 years. Those costs are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and are being amortized over the life of the debt using the effective interest method. In September 2009 approximately 35% of the principal balance of this Convertible Debt was converted to equity at the option of the holders. The total amount converted was $924,605, which included $885,259 of principal and $39,346 of accrued interest. These amounts were converted to 807,243 shares of common stock and additionally the Company issued 403,621 warrants, due to the 50% warrant coverage feature, with an exercise price of $0.66 per share. Due to this conversion of debt in August 2009, the Company removed approximately $83,000 of accrued bonus interest and debt discount with no impact to the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2009. Post conversion, the remaining principal amount and bonus interest amount was approximately $2,437,000, which will be am ortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the Convertible Debt using the effective interest rate method. As of December 31, 2009 and if there are no further conversions prior to the maturity date of September 15, 2010, the Company anticipates recording approximately $2,423,000 of amortization expense in 2010 related to the debt discount. 73 Additionally due to the conversion of debt in August 2009, the Company reduced the carrying amount of debt issuance costs by approximately $224,000 by recording a charge to interest expense. As of December 31, 2009, the balance of the debt issuance costs related to this Convertible Debt is approximately $410,000 which will be amortized to interest expense in 2010. The Convertible Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement On September 15, 2009, the Company entered into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement with St. George Investments, LLC, (the “Investor”; collectively with registered assigns, the “Holder”) (the “Purchase Agreement”). The Company issued and sold to the Investor (1) a 12% promissory note in the principal amount of five hundred fifty-five thousand five hundred fifty-five and 56/100 dollars ($555,556) (the “Note”) which is convertible into the Company’s common stock at 80% of the five day volume weighted average of the closing price of the Company’s common stock, subject to a floor price of no less than $0.64 and on the terms and the conditions specified in the Note; and (2) a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, at a exercise price of $0.65 per share , subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. The note matures on September 15, 2010. The terms associated with the conversion feature and the reset of the exercise price of the warrants resulted in classifying these instruments as derivative liabilities (see Note 1). The Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investor pursuant to which the Company filed a registration statement for the sale of the common stock issuable to the Investor under the Note and the Warrant on October 5, 2009 which was declared effective on October 6, 2009. In connection with the issuance of this note, the Company incurred approximately $35,000 in debt issuance costs, including a $25,000 commission to a third party. These costs were recorded as debt issuance costs are being amortized over the term of the debt on a straight-line basis (which approximates the effective interest rate method) During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company amortized an immaterial amount to interest expense related to debt issuance costs. During 2009, the Company failed to perform under the agreement which resulted in the occurrence of triggering events (as defined) and default. Under the provision of the agreement, the Company was required to increase the principal amount of the note by a total of 35% and some additional amounts (totaling $210,834), accelerate the due date of the note, and increase the interest rate from 12% to 18%. In December 2009, the Company obtained a waiver from the note holder stating that the note holder will not accelerate the due date of the note, but rather will keep the maturity date as of September 15, 2010. The Company recorded this increase in principal as additional interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2009. In December 2009, the holder of this note converted $150,000 of principal to 535,714 shares of common stock. The Bridge Loan Agreement On September 10, 2009, the Company entered into a Bridge Loan Agreement (the “Bridge Loan Agreement”) with Cantone Research, Inc. (the “Lender”) whereby the Lender agreed to provide a Bridge Loan for $58,000 (the “Bridge Loan”) and the Company agreed that the proceeds of the Bridge Loan would be used exclusively to pay interest due on currently outstanding “12% Senior Notes”. Interest under the Bridge Loan was set at 12% per annum. However, because the Company did not repay the Bridge Loan as scheduled on or before October 9, 2009, the interest rate was increased to 18% per annum, retroactive to September 10, 2009. The additional amounts due under this arrangement, including accrued interest (the “the Cantone Penalty”) were $86,032 as of December 31, 2009. Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, against receipt of the Bridge Loan, the Company issued to the Lender a two-year warrant to purchase 116,000 shares of the Company’s common stock exercisable at $0.60 per share (the “Two-Year Warrant”). This warrant was valued at $34,800 using the Black-Scholes model with a discount rate of 0.93% and a volatility of 0.9308% on the date of the Bridge Loan Agreement. Under the appropriate accounting guidance, the Company recorded the value of the warrant at its relative fair value and recorded the relative fair value of the warrants as a debt discount which was amortized to interest expense over the term of the bridge loan. The Company paid cash fees associated with this debt of $15,000, which was recorded as debt issuance costs. For the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company recorded interest expense of approximately $49,800 related to the debt discount and debt issuance costs. 74 Consulting Agreement On September 10, 2009, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the “Consulting Agreement”) with Cantone Asset Management, LLC (the “Consultant”) whereby the Consultant shall provide guidance and advice related to negotiating the terms of the Company’s outstanding Series 1 and Series 2 Senior Notes and continued services to assist the Company to coordinate with the holders of the Series 1 and Series 2 Senior Notes. In consideration of the Consultant’s service, the Company agreed to pay monthly consulting fees of $12,000 per month for a period of twelve (12) months and issue to the Consultant a five-year warrant to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share (the “Five-Year Warrant”). This w arrant was valued at $88,000 using the black-scholes model with a discount rate of 2.38% and a volatility of 0.9727% and recorded as a prepaid asset. During the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company recorded amortization expense of $29,333 related to this agreement, which has been included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). At December 31, 2009 the unamortized balance of $58,667 is included in prepaid consulting. See also Note 15 - “Subsequent Events” for further information regarding settlement of certain obligations under consulting arrangements. Senior Notes Payable In December 2008, in the first closing of the 12% Senior Note offering, the Company issued units consisting of $1,077,500 principal amount of 12% Senior Promissory Notes (“Senior Notes”) and five year warrants to purchase a total of 862,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at $1.00 per share. The Senior Notes bear interest at a rate of 12% per annum, payable semi-annually on June 1st and December 1st of each year after issuance. The Senior Notes mature on the earlier of December 8, 2010 or upon the completion of the closing of a credit facility or loans by the Company or its subsidiaries with a financial institution or bank of not less than $8 million in a transaction or series of transactions. Certain events accelerate the maturity of the Senior Notes, including a cha nge in control, bankruptcy or legal judgment. The Senior Notes are unsecured, and are senior to the Convertible Debt. The Company is not permitted to issue additional notes or evidence of indebtedness that are senior in priority to the Senior Notes, however, the Company was permitted to issue notes up to an aggregate principal amount of $2,500,000 which are of equal priority with the Senior Notes. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $271,644 and debt discounts of $508,580 in association with the Senior Notes, including $50,858 and $508,580, respectively, related to the issuance of 948,200 warrants for the purchase of the Company’s common stock at $1 per share, issued to Senior Note holders and to brokers. These warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following assumptions: (i) no dividend yield, (ii) weighted-average volatility of 97% (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 2.10%, and (iv) weighted-average expected life of 5 years. Those debt issuance costs are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2008. Debt issuance costs and debt discount are being amortized over the life of the debt using the effec tive interest method. Amortization of debt discount was $178,015 and $12,385 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs was $101,698 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. On January 30, 2009, the Company conducted the second and final closing (the “Final Closing”) of the 12% Series 1 Senior Note offering whereby the Company sold an additional $680,000 principal amount of 12% Senior Notes and five year warrants to purchase a total of 544,000 shares of common stock at $1.13 per share. Accordingly, a total of $1,757,500 in 12% Senior Notes and Warrants to purchase 1,406,000 shares of common stock in the 12% Senior Note Offering were sold in 2008 and 2009. The Senior Notes issued in January 2009 mature on the earlier of the second anniversary of the closing date or upon the completion of the closing of a credit facility or loans by the Company or its subsidiaries with a financial institution or bank of not less than $8 million in a transaction or series o f transactions. 75 In connection with the 12% Series 1 Senior Note offering, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-3 by July 31, 2009 (which was filed on July 2, 2009), covering the secondary offering and resale of the Warrant Shares sold in the 12% Senior Note offering. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $156,376 and debt discounts of $429,760 in association with the Final Closing of the Series 1 Senior Note including $42,976 and $429,760, respectively, related to the issuance of 54,400 and 544,000 warrants for the purchase of the Company’s common stock at $1.13 per share, issued to brokers and Series 1 Senior Note holders, respectively. These warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following assumptions: (i) no dividend yield, (ii) weighted-average volatility of 120% (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 1.85%, and (iv) weighted-average expected life of 5 years. The debt issuance costs are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2009. Debt issuance costs and debt discount are being amortized over the life of the debt using the effective interest method. For the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company recorded interest expense of $101,951 and $37,097 related to the debt discount and debt issuance costs, respectively. On May 4, 2009, the Company conducted a first closing (“First Closing”) of a private offering under Regulation D for the sale to accredited investors of units consisting of $1,327,250 principal amount of 12% Series 2 Senior Notes and five-year warrants to purchase a total of 2,123,600 shares of the Company’s common stock at $0.98 per share (the “Warrant Shares”). Under the terms of the offering, the exercise price of the Warrant Shares was 115% of the five (5) day volume weighted average closing price of the Company’s common stock on NYSE Amex US for the five (5) trading days prior to the date of the First Closing. In connection with the offer and sale of securities to the purchasers in the First Closing of the offering, the Company’s exclusive placement agent and all participating brokers received aggregate cash sales commissions of $132,725 and $39,817 in non-accountable expenses for services in connection with the First Closing. In addition, in the First Closing the Company issued placement agent warrants to the Company’s exclusive placement agent to purchase a total of 212,360 shares, of which, 54,472 shares and warrants to purchase 6,000 shares were assigned to other individuals. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $373,564 and debt discounts of $838,826 in association with the First Closing in May 2009, including $172,012 and $838,826, respectively, related to the issuance of 212,360 and 2,123,600 warrants for the purchase of the Company’s common stock at $0.98 per share, issued to brokers and Senior Note holders, respectively. These warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following assumptions: (i) no dividend yield, (ii) weighted-average volatility of 120% (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 2.03%, and (iv) weighted-average expected life of 5 years. Those debt issuance costs are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2009. Debt issuance costs and debt discount are being amortize d over the life of the debt using the effective interest method. For the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company recorded interest expense of $56,782 and $25,288 related to the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs, respectively. On June 12, 2009, the Company conducted the second closing (the “Second Closing”) of a private offering under Regulation D for the sale to accredited investors of units consisting of $468,500 principal amount of 12% Series 2 Senior Notes (“Notes”) and five year warrants to purchase a total of 749,600 shares of the Company’s common stock at $1.11 per share (the “Warrant Shares”). Under the terms of the offering, the exercise price of the Warrant Shares was to be greater of 115% of the five day weighted average closing prices of the Company’s common stock as reported by NYSE Amex US for the five trading days ended on June 11, 2009. In connection with the offer and sale of securities to the purchasers in the offering, the Company’s exclusive placement agent received sales commissions of $46,850 and $14,055 of non-accountable expenses for services in connection with the Second Closing. In addition, in the Second Closing, the Company issued to the placement agent, warrants to purchase a total of 74,960 shares, of which the Company’s exclusive placement agent received placement agent warrants to purchase 58,360 shares, and two other brokers received warrants to purchase 14,992 shares and 1,600 shares, respectively. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of $141,168 and debt discounts of $300,583 in association with the Second Closing in June 2009, including $68,963 and $300,583, respectively, related to the issuance of 74,960 and 749,600 warrants for the purchase of the Company’s common stock at $1.11 per share, issued to brokers and Senior Note holders, respectively . These warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, using the following assumptions: (i) no dividend yield, (ii) weighted-average volatility of 120% (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 2.03%, and (iv) weighted-average expected life of 5 years. Those debt issuance costs are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2009. Debt issuance costs and debt discount are being amortized over the life of the debt using the effective interest method. For the period ended December 31, 2009 the Company recorded interest expense of $27,215 and $12,782 related to the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs, respectively. 76 The Company did not pay the interest due on the Series 1 Senior Notes or the Series 2 Senior Notes due on December 1, 2009 or March 1, 2010. As a result, the interest rate on the Series 1 Senior Notes and Series 2 Senior Notes is now accruing at 18% per annum. As of April 14, 2010 none of the noteholders has declared any of the Series 1 Senior Notes or the Series 2 Senior Notes in default and no Notices of Default have been received. The Company intends to seek stockholder approval to exchange the Series 1 and Series 2 Senior Notes for shares of common stock at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Debt Repayment Obligations The following table sets forth the contractual repayment obligations under the Company’s notes payable. The table assumes that Convertible Debt will be repaid at maturity, and excludes interest payments, except for bonus interest payable under the terms of the Convertible Debt instruments. 2010 $ 3,557,798 2011 888,224 2012 1,414,997 $ 5,861,019 See also Note 15 - “Subsequent Events” for further information regarding certain debt obligations. NOTE 8 — EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT TERMINATION LIABILITY In October 2008, the Company’s former chief executive officer agreed to retire from his employment with the Company. The Company negotiated a settlement of its employment contract with the former chief executive officer under which he received $150,000 upon the effective date of the agreement, including $25,000 for reimbursement of his legal expenses. In addition the Company agreed to pay $540,000 in monthly installments of $18,000, commencing January 31, 2009, to continue certain insurance coverages, and to extend the term of options previously granted which would have expired shortly after termination of employment. Pursuant to FASB ASC 420-10, the Company recorded a liability of approximately $517,000 for the present value of the monthly installments and insurance coverage’s due under the settlement agreement. Approximately $229,000 and $237,000 are included in accrued salaries and wages and $86,000 and $280,000 are included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Company has not made the monthly $18,000 payments due, nor paid the premiums on a life insurance policy on the former officer since October 2009 and as of December 31, 2009 was in default under this obligation. As of April 14, 2010, the former officer has taken no action against the Company to enforce this obligation. NOTE 9 — COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Operating Leases The Company leases its laboratory and manufacturing space under a non-cancelable two year operating lease agreement that expires on December 1, 2010. The lease requires monthly lease payments of $6,944. As of December 31, 2009, the Company is required to make future minimum rental payments required under non-cancelable operating leases of approximately $83,000 in 2010. 77 Rent expense under non-cancelable leases was approximately $83,000 and $80,000 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Litigation On February 22, 2002, AcuVector Group, Inc. (“AcuVector”) filed a Statement of Claim in the Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta, Judicial District of Edmonton relating to the Company’s CIT technology acquired from Dr. Chang in August 2001. The claim alleges damages of $CDN 20 million and seeks injunctive relief against Dr. Chang for, among other things, breach of contract and breach of fiduciary duty, and against us for interference with the alleged relationship between Dr. Chang and AcuVector. The claim for injunctive relief seeks to establish that the AcuVector license agreement with Dr. Chang is still in effect. The Company performed extensive due diligence to determine that AcuVector had no interest in the technology when the Company acquired it. The Company is confident that Acu Vector’s claims are without merit and that the Company will receive a favorable result in the case. As the final outcome is not determinable, no accrual or loss relating to this action is reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company is also defending a companion case filed in the same court by the Governors of the University of Alberta filed against the Company and Dr. Chang in August 2003. The University of Alberta claims, among other things, that Dr. Chang failed to remit the payment of the University’s portion of the monies paid by the Company to Dr. Chang for the CIT technology purchased by us from Dr. Chang in 2001. In addition to other claims against Dr. Chang relating to other technologies developed by him while at the University, the University also claims that the Company conspired with Dr. Chang and interfered with the University’s contractual relations under certain agreements with Dr. Chang, thereby damaging the University in an amount which is unknown to the University at this time. The Unive rsity has not claimed that the Company is not the owner of the CIT technology, just that the University has an equitable interest therein or the revenues there from. If either AcuVector or the University is successful in their claims, the Company may be liable for substantial damages, its rights to the technology will be adversely affected and its future prospects for exploiting or licensing the CIT technology will be significantly impaired. In the ordinary course of business, there are other potential claims and lawsuits brought by or against the Company. In the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of these matters will not materially affect the Company’s operations or financial position or are covered by insurance. Licensing Agreements The Company has agreed to pay a 5% royalty on net sales of products developed from the Company’s CIT technology. The Company has not paid any royalties to date as there have been no sales of such products. Contingent Issuance of Shares — Acquisition of JPI In 2006, pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of JPI from Jade Capital Group Limited (“Jade”). The terms of the Purchase Agreement provided that additional purchase consideration of 100,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Escrow Shares”) was deposited in an escrow account held by a third party escrow agent and administered pursuant to an Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agreement provided that if, within one year from and after the closing of the Purchase Agreement, Jade or its shareholders demonstrated that the SFDA had issued a permit or the equivalent regulatory approval for the Company to sell and distribute the ONKO-SURE tm test kit in the PRC without qualification, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, then the escrow agent would promptly disburse the Escrow Shares to Jade or its shareholders. As part of the Agreement (see Note 1), shares held in escrow will be cancelled and returned to the Company. 78 Indemnities and Guarantees The Company has executed certain contractual indemnities and guarantees, under which it may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party. The Company has agreed to indemnify its directors, officers, employees and agents to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. In connection with a certain facility lease, the Company has indemnified its lessor for certain claims arising from the use of the facilities. Pursuant to the Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Company has indemnified the holders of registrable securities for any claims or losses resulting from any untrue, allegedly untrue or misleading statement made in a registration statement, prospectus or similar document. Additionally, the Company has agreed to indemnify the former owners of JPI against losses up to a maximum of $2,500,000 for damages resulting from breach of representations or warranties in connection with the JPI acquisition. The duration of the guarantees and indemnities varies, and in many cases is indefinite. These guarantees and indemnities do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future payments the Company could be obligated to make. Historically, the Company has not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations and no liabilities have been recorded for these indemnities and guarantees in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Tax Matters The Company is required to file federal and state income tax returns in the United States and various other income tax returns in foreign jurisdictions. The preparation of these income tax returns requires the Company to interpret the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in such jurisdictions, which could affect the amount of tax paid by the Company. The Company, in consultation with its tax advisors, bases its income tax returns on interpretations that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The income tax returns, however, are subject to routine reviews by the various taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which the Company files its income tax returns. As part of these reviews, a taxing authority may disagree with respect to the interpretations the Company used to calculate its tax liability and therefor e require the Company to pay additional taxes. Change in Control Severance Plan On November 15, 2001, the board of directors adopted an Executive Management Change in Control Severance Pay Plan. The plan covered the persons who at any time during the 90-day period ending on the date of a change in control (as defined in the plan), were employed by the Company as Chief Executive Officer and/or president and provided for cash payments upon a change in control. The Change in Control Severance Pay Plan was terminated in April 2009. NOTE 10 — SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION The Company has six share-based compensation plans under which it may grant common stock or incentive and non-qualified stock options to officers, employees, directors and independent contractors. The exercise price per share under the incentive stock option plan shall not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. The exercise price per share under the non-qualified stock option plan shall not be less than 85% — 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. All options granted under the plans through December 31, 2009 have an exercise price equal to the fair market value at the date of grant. The expiration date of options granted under any of the plans may not exceed 10 years from the date of grant. 79 Effective June 30, 1999, the Company adopted the 1999 Stock Option Plan (the “1999 Plan”). The Company can grant options for the purchase of up to 400,000 shares of the Company’s common stock under the 1999 Plan. The 1999 Plan terminated on June 30, 2009, after which grants cannot be made from the 1999 Plan. All options vest upon grant and expire five years from the date of grant. As of December 31, 2009, 60,001 options at a weighted average exercise price of $2.85 per share were outstanding under the 1999 Plan. On January 25, 2002, the board of directors adopted the 2002 Stock Option Plan (the “2002 Plan”). The Company can grant options for the purchase of up to 200,000 shares of the Company’s common stock under the 2002 Plan. All options granted vest upon grant and expire five years from the date of grant. As of December 31, 2009, there were no options outstanding under the 2002 Plan. The Company had 39,237 options available for grant under the 2002 Plan at December 31, 2009. On February 23, 2004, the board of directors adopted the 2004 Stock Option Plan (the “2004 Plan”). The Company can grant options for the purchase of up to 480,000 shares of the Company’s common stock under the 2004 Plan. Under the terms of the 2004 Plan, 50,260 options were granted under incentive stock option agreements to employees, and 228,740 options were granted under non-qualified stock option agreements to employees, directors and a consultant; these options vested immediately and expire in five years. As of December 31, 2009, 106,000 options at a weighted average exercise price of $2.85 per share were outstanding under the 2004 Plan. The Company had 359,000 options available for grant under the 2004 Plan at December 31, 2009. On March 14, 2006, the Board of Directors adopted the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2006 Plan”). The Company can grant options for the purchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock under the 2006 Plan. Vesting of grants under the 2006 Plan is determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Options granted under the 2006 Plan have generally vested upon grant. As of December 31, 2009, 857,000 options at a weighted average exercise price of $3.87 per share were outstanding under the 2006 Plan. The Company had 143,000 options available for grant under the 2006 Plan at December 31, 2009. On September 7, 2006, the Company’s shareholders approved the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2007 Plan”). The Company can grant options for the purchase of up to 1,500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock under the 2007 Plan. Vesting of grants under the 2007 Plan is determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Options granted under the 2007 Plan generally vest ratably over 24 months. As of December 31, 2009, 835,000 options at a weighted average exercise price of $3.45 per share were outstanding under the 2007 Plan. The Company had 665,000 options available for grant under the 2007 Plan at December 31, 2009. On January 7, 2009, the Company adopted the 2008-2009 Performance and Equity Incentive Plan (“Performance Plan”) whereby up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock may be issued under the Performance Plan. The Board of Directors approved the grant of 870,000 shares of the Company’s common stock under the Performance Plan, subject to stockholder approval of the Performance Plan. Subsequently, this plan was not approved by the shareholders and all shares issued under or options granted under the Performance Plan were cancelled. Summary of Assumptions and Activity The fair value of option awards to employees and directors is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, even though the model was developed to estimate the fair value of freely tradable, fully transferable options without vesting restrictions, which differ significantly from the Company’s stock options. The Black-Scholes model also requires subjective assumptions, including future stock price volatility and expected time to exercise, which greatly affect the calculated values. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company’s stock price. The expected term of options granted is derived from historical data on employee exercises and post-vesting employment termination behavior. The risk-free rate selected to value any particular grant is based on the U.S. Treasury rate that c orresponds to the pricing term of the grant effective as of the date of the grant. The Company does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, thus the dividend yield is zero. These factors could change in the future, affecting the determination of stock-based compensation expense in future periods. No options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2009. The Company used the following weighted-average assumptions in determining fair value of its employee and director stock options: 80 Expected volatility 111 % Expected term 5 years Risk-free interest rate 2.48 % Dividend yield — % The weighted-average grant date fair value of employee and director stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2008 was $2.35. Stock-based compensation expense recognized during the period is based on the value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. ASC 718-10 requires estimates of forfeitures of unvested options at the time of grant. Estimated forfeitures are revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ form those estimates. The estimated average forfeiture rate for 2009 and 2008 was 0%, as options generally vest upon grant. Upon the retirement of the Company’s former chief executive officer in October 2008, the Company agreed to extend the expiration date of the 982,000 options previously granted. Without such a modification, the options would have expired within 90 days of the termination of services. As a result of the modification, the options retained the expiration dates that would have been in effect, had the former chief executive officer remained in the Company’s employment. The modification effectively accelerated the vesting of 200,000 options granted in 2008, as the chief executive officer was not required to provide further services in order to earn the unvested options at the date of retirement. The Company recorded $265,420 in stock option expense in connection with the modifications. The expense was calculated using the Bl ack-Scholes option pricing model, using weighted-average volatility, term and risk-free interest rate of 93%, 2.9 years, and 1.88%, respectively. Employee and director stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, including expense related to the modification of options upon the retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer, as described above, was $795,983 and $1,034,175, respectively. Stock-based compensation related to employee and director stock options under ASC 718-10 was primarily included in selling, general and administrative expense; with the exception that approximately $15,000 was charged to research and development in 2008. Unrecognized compensation expense at December 31, 2009 related to employee and director stock options amounted to approximately $107,641. The expense is expected to be recognized over a period of 0.17 years. Substantially all of such compensation expense is reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) within the selling, general and administrative line item. Share-based compensation expense recognized in the periods presented is based on awards that have vested or are ultimately expected to vest. Historically, options have vested upon grant, thus it was not necessary for management to estimate forfeitures. Options granted in 2008 vest ratably over 24 months. Based on historical turnover rates and the vesting pattern of the options, the Company’s management has assumed that there will be no forfeitures of unvested options. During September 2009, the Company modified the various employee stock options to change the exercise price to $0.75. For the fully vested options, this modification resulted in $129,360 of expense recorded in September 2009. For those modified options that were not fully vesting on the modification date a total of $368,916 will be expensed in the remaining requisite service period. 81 The following is a status of all stock options outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the changes during the years then ended: 2009 2008 Options Weighted Average Exercise Price (1) Options Weighted Average Exercise Price Outstanding and exercisable, beginning of year 2,757,001 $ 2.56 2,093,239 $ 3.97 Granted — — 850,000 3.45 Expired/forfeited (899,000 ) 3.88 (186,238 ) 4.81 Outstanding and expected to vest, end of year 1,858,001 $ 1.92 2,757,001 $ 3.75 Vested and exercisable, end of year 1,753,626 $ 1.93 2,444,918 $ 3.79 (1) Effected for repricing 1,129,000 shares from exercise prices ranging from $2.85 - $4.65 to a modified exercise price of $0.75. There were no options exercised in 2009 or 2008. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31, 2009, considering only options with positive intrinsic values and based on the closing stock price, was $0. The weighted-average remaining contractual term of outstanding and exercisable options at December 31, 2009 was 2.49 and 2.45 years, respectively. NOTE 11 — STOCK WARRANTS From time to time, the Company issues warrants pursuant to various consulting agreements and other compensatory arrangements. On February 5, 2008, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 300,000 shares of common stock to LWP1 pursuant to a consulting agreement dated February 3, 2008 for financial advisory services to be provided from February 3, 2008 through May 3, 2009. The shares are issuable in two increments of 150,000 and were valued at $1,011,000 based on the trading price of the common stock on the date that the shares were issued. The shares vest over a fifteen month period. In accordance with ASC 505-50-30, the shares issued will be periodically revalued through the vesting period, and amount recorded as prepaid consulting will be expensed based on the value of the shares earned at each measurement date. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company recorded general and administrative expense of $5 27,801 related to the agreement and the balance of $483,200 is included in prepaid consulting at December 31, 2008. The difference between the amount recorded to additional paid-in capital upon issuance of the shares and the amounts ultimately expensed at the measurement dates pursuant to ASC 505-50-30 will be recorded as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital after all shares granted under the agreement have been earned. In March 2008, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 161,813 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $4.74 in connection with the second closing of the December 2007 private placement offering (see Note 12). On April 30, 2008, the Company extended the term of warrants to purchase 18,750 shares of common stock at $3.68 per share to October 31, 2009. The warrants were held by an investor/service provider. The Company recorded $18,375 in compensation expense related to the term extension, calculated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 79%; risk-free interest rate of 2.37%; expected term of 1.5 years; and dividend yield of 0%. On June 17, 2008, the Company entered into an agreement for financial consulting services. In connection with the agreement, the Company granted warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.50. The warrants, which were approved by the Company’s board of directors, were granted in partial consideration for financial consulting services, vests over a twelve month period, and expire in five years. The warrants were initially valued at $315,000, based on the application of the Black Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 95%; average risk-free interest rate of 3.66%; expected term of 5 years; and dividend yield of 0%. In accordance with FASB ASC 505-50, the warrants will be periodically revalued through the vesting period. As of Dece mber 31, 2009, the estimated cumulative value of the vested and unvested warrants, based on the periodic revaluation, is $116,000. The value of the vested portion of the warrants is recorded to additional paid in capital and prepaid expense in the month that vesting occurs. The Company recorded general and administrative expense of $35,625 for the year ended December 31, 2009. 82 In September 2008, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 209,167 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $2.69 per share in connection with the Convertible Debt financing. These warrants became exercisable on March 15, 2009 (see Note 7). The terms of these warrants require that the Company issue additional warrants in the case of certain dilutive issuances of the Company’s common stock through the first quarter of 2009. The number of additional warrants to be issued is based on the percentage decrease in share price of the dilutive issuance compared to the exercise price of the warrants. In December 2008, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 948,200 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share in connection with the Senior Note financing (see Note 7). During the year ended December 31, 2008, 252,733 warrants were exercised at a weighted average exercise price of $2.34, resulting in aggregate net proceeds of approximately $560,000, after expenses and commissions of approximately $31,000. In January 2009, the Company issued 598,400 warrants, exercisable at $1.13 per share, in connection with the second closing of the Senior Note financing (see Note 7). On May 4, 2009, the Company issued five-year warrants to purchase 2,123,600 shares of the Company’s common stock at $0.98 per share in connection with the “First Closing” of a private offering of the Company’s common stock. Warrants to purchase an additional the 212,360 shares of the Company’s stock were issued to the private placement agent (see Note 7). On June 12, 2009, the Company issued five-year warrants to purchase 749,600 shares of the Company’s common stock at $1.11 per share in connection with the “Second Closing” of a private offering of the Company’s common stock. Warrants to purchase an additional the 74,960 shares of the Company’s stock were issued to the private placement agent (see Note 7). On August 24, 2009, the Company issued five year warrants to purchase 403,621 shares of the Company’s common stock at $0.66 per share in connection with the issue of convertible debt which were valued and accounted for upon the issuance of the related convertible debt in 2008 (see Note 7). On September 10, 2009, the Company issued a two-year warrant to purchase 116,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, exercisable at $0.60 per share, pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, against receipt of the Bridge Loan, to the Lender (see Note 7). On September 15, 2009, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, at a exercise price of $0.65 per share, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments, in connection with a promissory note (see Note 7). The warrants expire five years from the date of grant. On November 30, 2009, in connection with the closing of the 2009 Registered Direct Offering of shares of common stock and warrants, the Company issued warrants to purchase 1,644,736 shares of its common stock to the purchasers in that offering at an initial exercise price of $1.25 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the warrant. See also Notes 12 and 15 for additional information. 83 The following represents a summary of the warrants outstanding at December 31, 2009 and 2008 and changes during the years then ended: 2009 2008 Warrants Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants Weighted Average Exercise Price Outstanding and exercisable, beginning of year 5,252,699 $ 3.38 4,528,668 $ 3.98 Granted 6,688,970 1.02 1,469,180 1.91 Expired/forfeited (1,548,382 ) 2.85 (492,416 ) 5.00 Exercised — — (252,733 ) 2.34 Outstanding and exercisable, end of year 10,393,287 $ 1.84 5,252,699 $ 3.38 The following table summarizes information about warrants outstanding at December 31, 2009: Exercise Price Number of Warrant Shares Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) $3.68 1,180,632 0.83 $4.74 1,366,319 2.00 $0.60 116,000 1.69 $2.69 209,166 3.71 $1.00 948,200 3.94 $1.13 598,400 4.08 $0.98 2,335,960 4.34 $1.11 824,560 4.44 $0.66 403,621 4.65 $0.60 200,000 4.69 $0.65 500,000 4.71 $1.25 1,710,429 0.42 10,393,287 The outstanding warrants at December 31, 2009 are held by consultants and other service providers, stockholders, and current and former note-holders and are immediately exercisable. NOTE 12 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company to issue up to 25,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. Shares of preferred stock may be issued in one or more classes or series at such time and in such quantities as the board of directors may determine. During the periods presented, the Company had no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Common Stock The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Company to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value. 84 The Company has funded its operations primarily through a series of Regulation S and Regulation D companion offerings (the “Offerings”), described below. The Offerings have consisted of units of one share of common stock and warrants to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to one-half the number of shares of common stock included in the units (“Units”) and units of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock (“Full Units”). The Units and Full Units are priced at a discount of 25% from the average closing prices of the Company’s common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior to the close of the offering, as quoted on the American Stock Exchange, and the exercise price of the warrants is set at 115% of the average closing price. Unless otherwise noted below, the warrants issued in the Offerings are exercisable at the date of issuance and expire three years from issuance. For all of the Offerings, the Company utilized the placement agent services of Galileo Asset Management, S.A. (“Galileo”), a Swiss corporation for sales to non-U.S. persons. In United States, the Company has utilized the placement agent services of FINRA (formerly NASD) member broker-dealers Havkit Corporation (“Havkit”), Securities Network, LLC (“Network”) and Spencer Clarke, LLC (“Spencer Clarke”), and licensed sub agents working under Spencer Clarke. In addition to commissions and expenses paid to the Company’s placement agents for each of the Offerings, as described below, the Company has agreed to pay cash commissions of 6% of the gross amount received upon exercise of the warrants by the purchasers. December 2007 Offering In December, 2007, the Company conducted the closing of a private placement (“December 2007 Offering”) of Units. On March 5, 2008 the Company conducted the second closing of the December 2007 Offering. In the second closing the Company received $1,000,000 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of a total of 323,626 units at $3.09 per unit and issued warrants to purchase 161,813 shares at an exercise price of $4.74 per share. In connection with the second closing of the December 2007 Offering, the Company paid a finder’s fee of $100,000 and other expenses and fees of $42,729, including $18,854 that were paid subsequent to the first quarter of 2008. After the closing of the December 2007 Offering, the Company filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the shares of the Company’s common stock, shares issuable upon exercise of the related investor warrants, and shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued to the placement agents. The registration statement was declared effective on April 22, 2008. November 2007 Offering On May 16, 2008, the Company settled litigation related to the termination of an agreement regarding a proposed private placement. In connection with the settlement, the Company paid $12,500 in cash, and issued 25,000 shares of unregistered common stock with a deemed value of $75,000, based on the ten-day volume weighted-average price of the Company’s common stock through May 8, 2008. The value of the cash and shares issued in the settlement is included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2008. Common Stock Issued for Services On September 14, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 250,000 shares of common stock to First International pursuant to an amendment to the consulting agreement dated July 22, 2005, for financial advisory services to be provided from September 22, 2007 through September 22, 2008. The shares were valued at $817,500 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. The Shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriter was involved in this issuance. During 2008, the Company recorded selling, general and administrative expense of $592,687 related to the agreement. On November 27, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 75,000 shares of common stock to Boston Financial Partners Inc. pursuant to an amendment to the consulting agreement dated September 16, 2003, for financial advisory services to be provided from November 1, 2007 through October 31, 2008. The shares were valued at $336,000 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. During 2008, the Company recorded general and administrative expense of $280,000 related to the agreement. 85 On November 27, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of up to 300,000 shares of common stock, to be earned at the rate of 25,000 shares per month to Madden Consulting, Inc. for financial advisory services to be provided from December 26, 2007 through December 26, 2008. The Company issued 25,000 shares in the January 2008 that were valued at $104,250 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. During the nine months ended September 30, 2008, the Company recorded general and administrative expense of $104,250 related to 25,000 shares. This agreement was terminated on January 29, 2008 and the remaining obligation to issue 250,000 shares was cancelled. On February 5, 2008, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 300,000 shares of common stock to LWP1 pursuant to a consulting agreement dated February 3, 2008 for financial advisory services to be provided from February 3, 2008 through May 3, 2009. The shares are issuable in two increments of 150,000. The shares vest over a fifteen month period and are being valued monthly as the shares are earned based on the trading price of the common stock on the monthly anniversary date. In accordance with FASB ASC 505-50 , the shares issued will be periodically valued through the vesting period. Shares vested under the agreement were 80,000 and 220,000 during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Company recorded general and administrative expense of $71,600 and $527,801 related to the agreement during the same years then ended. On January 7, 2009, the Company granted 120,000 shares of common stock to the Company’s independent directors, subject to stockholder approval. The grant of the 120,000 shares is based on performance through 2008. During the quarter ended September 30, 2009 the Company’s stockholders approved this grant of common stock to the Company’s independent directors and approximately $72,000 in expense has been recorded based on the stock price at August 21, 2009 (date in which approval was obtained) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2009. On January 22, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with B&D Consulting for investor relations services through July 7, 2010. The Company granted B&D Consulting 400,000 shares of the Company’s common stock in exchange for services, in which 183,326 shares were earned during the year ended December 31, 2009. In accordance with FASB ASC 505-50, the shares issued will be periodically valued, as earned, through the vesting period. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company recorded general and administrative expense of $128,162 related to the agreement. On March 31, 2009, the Company issued 12,500 shares of the Company’s common stock to a consultant for investor relations services. The Company recorded $10,125 of expense during the year ended December 31, 2009 with respect to the shares issued, based on the value of the stock at the date the shares were earned. On May 28, 2009, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Strategic Growth International Inc. (“SGI”), a consultant who provided investor relations services. Under the SGI Settlement Agreement and Release, the Company agreed to issue 56,000 shares of the Company’s common stock to SGI, which shares are subject to listing approval by the NYSE Amex US. These shares were approved on August 27, 2009. In lieu of cash payment for amount due of $56,089 for services rendered, the Company issued these shares based on the approval date valued at $35,280 and recorded a gain in the amount of $20,809 in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2009. On June 23, 2009, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement dated May 29, 2009 with Strategic Growth International. Strategic Growth International agreed to accept 37,500 shares of the Company’s common stock in exchange for warrants originally issued in accordance with the Financial Consulting Agreement. These shares were approved and issued on August 27, 2009. No additional cost was recognized as the original warrant value was greater than the value of the shares on the date the approval was obtained. In September 2009 some holders of the convertible debt issued in September 2008 elected to convert debt under the terms of the agreement into stock and warrants. This conversion resulted in the issuance of 807,243 shares and 403,621 warrants with an exercise price of $0.66 (see Note 7.) On September 22, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with Lyon Consulting for investor relation services through September 2010. The Company granted Lyons Consulting 200,000 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock in exchange for services. In accordance with FASB ASC 505-50, the shares issued will be periodically valued through the vesting period. The shares were approved by the NYSE AMEX US on December 10, 2009. The Company recorded $27,000 related to the vested shares during the year ended December 31, 2009. 86 On September 29, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement regarding the Cancellation of Indebtedness with SOX Solutions. The Company agreed to issue 67,800 shares of the Company’s common stock to SOX Solutions, which shares are subject to listing approval by the NYSE Amex US. The shares were issued on December 10, 2009 and valued at $0.29 per share. As a result of the reclass, the Company recorded a gain on settlement of $26,442 which is included in interest and income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2009. On October 23, 2009, the Company entered into a Trigger Event Agreement with St. George Investments, LLC. Under the Trigger Event Agreement, the Company agreed to issue 250,000 shares of common stock to St. George Investments, LLC. The shares are subject to listing approval by the NYSE Amex US. The shares were issued on December 12, 2009 and valued at $0.29 per share. The Company recorded the issuance as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2009. On November 11, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with First International Capital Group, Ltd., to provide investor relations services. In connection with the agreement, the Company issued a total of 900,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001. The service term is six months (commencing November 24, 2009 and ending May 25, 2010). The value of the common shares using the stock price on date of commencement is $0.24 per share. The total value of $360,000 was recorded as prepaid consulting expense and will be amortized over the service period of six months. As of December 31, 2009, the Company amortized $60,000 as general administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). On November 30, 2009, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Alpha Capital Group and Whalehaven Capital Funds. The Company issued 1,860,714 and 1,428,571 shares of the Company’s common stock to Alpha Capital Group and Whalehaven Capital Funds, respectively. The stock price of the common shares issued was valued at $0.28 per share with aggregate proceeds of $812,320, which is net of direct offering costs of $108,680. In connection with the securities purchase agreement, the Company also issued 6.5 year warrants, which represents 50% of the common stock issuances. As a result, the Company issued warrants to purchase 930,357 and 714,286 of the Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, at an exercise price of $1.25 per share to Alpha Capital Group and Whalehaven Capital Fund s, respectively, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. The terms associated with the conversion feature and the reset of the exercise price of the warrants resulted in classifying these instruments as derivative liabilities (see Note 1). On the date of issuance, the Company recorded a derivative liability of $509,839. The derivative was revalued at December 31, 2009, which resulted in a change in fair value of the derivative liability. In connection with the revaluation, the Company recorded a gain of $197,357 in the interest income (expense), net of the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). NOTE 13 — SEGMENT REPORTING Prior to the deconsolidation, the Company had two reportable segments: (i) China, which consists of manufacturing and wholesale distribution of pharmaceutical and cosmetic products to distributors, hospitals, clinics and similar institutional entities in China, and (ii) Corporate, which comprises the development of in-vitro diagnostics and the Company’s CIT technology, as well as the development of the Company’s HPE-based products for markets outside of China. The 2008 segment information has been restated to reclassifly the operating activities of YYB to discontinued operations. The results previously reported for China-Direct have been combined with China. The following is information for the Company’s reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2009: China Corporate Total Net revenue $ 8,469,652 $ 158,017 $ 8,627,669 Gross profit $ 3,147,110 $ 120,346 $ 3,267,456 Depreciation and amortization $ 888,589 $ 207,182 $ 1,095,771 Interest expense $ 81,834 $ 2,423,271 $ 2,596,606 Loss before discontinued operations $ (1,397,511 ) $ (11,084,507 ) $ (12,482,018 ) Capital expenditures $ 1,447,356 $ 296,709 $ 1,744,065 87 The following is information for the Company’s reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2008 after removing the discontinued operations of YYB: China Corporate Total Net revenue $ 23,694,678 $ 80,222 $ 23,774,900 Gross profit $ 12,184,904 $ 59,605 $ 12,244,509 Depreciation and amortization $ 1,219,487 $ 124,190 $ 1,343,677 Interest expense $ 367,970 $ 100,561 $ 468,531 Income (loss) before discontinued operations $ 10,508,239 $ (9,795,291 ) $ 712,948 Capital expenditures $ 1,302,038 $ 205,438 $ 1,507,476 NOTE 14 — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS In October 2008, the Company’s former chief executive officer agreed to retire from his employment with the Company. The Company negotiated a settlement of its employment contract with the former chief executive officer under which he received $150,000 upon the effective date of the agreement, including $25,000 for reimbursement of his legal expenses. In addition the Company agreed to pay $540,000 in monthly installments of $18,000, commencing January 31, 2009, to continue certain insurance coverages, and to extend the term of options previously granted which would have expired shortly after termination of employment. Pursuant to FASB ASC 420-10, the Company recorded a liability of approximately $517,000 for the present value of the monthly installments and insurance coverage’s due under the settlement agreement. Approximately $229,000 and $237,000 are included in accrued salaries and wages and $86,000 and $280,000 are included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Company has not made the monthly $18,000 payments due, nor paid the premiums on a life insurance policy on the former officer since October 2009 and as of December 31, 2009 was in default under this obligation. As part of the deconsolidation of JPI as of September 29, 2009, the Company recorded a note receivable from JPI totaling $5,350,000 and an offsetting allowance of $2,675,000. These amounts were previously classified as intercompany balances and eliminated in consolidation. The note bears interest at 12% annually. The payment terms are expected to be finalized in fiscal 2010. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company received services from Tripoint Capital Advisors, LLC, which was co-founded by the Company’s audit committee chairman. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company incurred $27,000 related to services from this related party and this amount is included in accounts payable as of December 31, 2009. NOTE 15 — SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On February 9, 2010, we issued 1,100,000 shares of our common stock to two consultants under consulting services agreements. The value of these issuances will be recorded in first quarter 2010 at fair market value based upon the then current fair market value of the stock. NYSE Amex Listing On December 23, 2009, the Company received a letter from NYSE Amex (the “Exchange”), indicating that the Company was below certain of the Exchange’s continued listing standards. Specifically, the Company was not in compliance with Section 1003(a)(iv) of the Exchange’s Company Guide (the “Company Guide”) in that the Company had sustained losses which were so substantial in relation to our overall operations or our existing financial resources, or our financial condition had become so impaired that it appeared questionable, in the opinion of the Exchange, as to whether the Company could continue operations and/or meet our obligations as they matured. The letter from the Exchange also indicated that, due to its low selling price, the Company’s Common stock may not be suitable for auctio n market trading. The Exchange afforded us an opportunity to submit a plan of compliance to the Exchange by January 22, 2010, demonstrating our ability to regain compliance with the Exchange’s continued listing standards. Management submitted such a plan to the Exchange by the deadline, and, in a letter dated January 6, 2010, and supplemented it thereafter. The Exchange notified us on March 24, 2010 that it accepted our plan of compliance and granted us an extension until June 15, 2010 to regain compliance with the continued listing standards. Failure to regain compliance within the given timeframe may result in the Exchange initiating delisting proceedings against us. As of the date hereof , the Company have not received any updates from the Exchange regarding compliance with the continued listing standards. 88 Defaults on Prior Note Financings: Proposed Debt Exchanges In December 2008 and January 2009, the Company completed two closings with note holders of 12% Senior Notes (the “Series 1 Note Holders”), pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of $1,757,500 in 12% Series 1 Senior Notes (“Series 1 Notes”); in consideration thereof, we issued the Series 1 Note holders warrants to purchase up to 1,406,000 shares of common stock at $1.00 per share. In May and June 2009, we completed two closings with note holders of the 12% Series 2 Senior Promissory Notes (the “Series 2 Note Holders,” together with the Series 1 Note Holders, the “Note Holders”), pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of $1,796,000 in 12% Series 2 Senior Notes (“Series 2 Notes,” together with the Series 1 Notes, th e “Notes”); in consideration thereof, we issued the Series 2 Note Holders warrants to purchase up to 2,335,960 shares of common stock at $0.98 per share. The terms of the Series 2 Notes provided that if the stockholders of the Company do not approve of the Series 2 Note Offering by September 1, 2009 and the Company did not redeem the 12% Series 2 Notes by November 30, 2009, then the holders of such 12% Series 2 Notes shall be entitled to declare such notes in default and declare the entire principal and unpaid accrued interest thereon immediately due and payable. Additionally, since we have not yet paid the interest that was due on December 1, 2009 or March 1, 2010, we were in default. Although we have not received any notice from the holders of the Series 2 Notes requesting we cure this default, we have exceeded the cure period and therefore, all of the Series 2 Notes are immediately due and payable and the interest increased from 12% p er annum to 18% per annum. Interest is also accruing on the Series 1 Notes. The Company has been carrying approximately $7,900,000 of indebtedness that is in default, or is due on outstanding notes and other contractual obligations which are past due or soon to be due. Management is concerned that we may not have sufficient cash to satisfy these debts and carry on our current operations. Therefore, Management believes it is prudent to reserve as much cash as possible for our operations. To that end, in March 2010, Management put together various exchange agreements (the “Debt Exchanges”) to enter into with a majority, and potentially all, of our debt holders subject to shareholder approval (“Shareholder Approval”) of such share issuances, pursuant to which the debt holders would exchange their outstanding notes or other debt obligations for shares of our common stock. Although the exchange terms vary slightly between the debt holders — based upon the terms of each of the particular notes, a few provisions are consistent in all of the exchange agreements: First, all of the issuances pursuant to the proposed Debt Exchanges are subject to Shareholder Approval. To that end, we filed a Preliminary Proxy Sta tement on Schedule 14A on February 1, 2010 and are in the process of responding to SEC comments regarding same so that we can finalize the proxy and send it out to our shareholders. We have the right to seek Shareholder Approval two times; if we do not receive Shareholder Approval at the second meeting, we shall fall back into default on all of the notes for which shareholders did not approve the issuance of shares pursuant to the related exchange agreement . Once we obtain Shareholder Approval to issue the shares pursuant to a particular Debt Exchange, upon such issuance, the debt related to such exchange agreement will be converted to shares of our common stock and the holders thereof shall waive all current and future defaults under the debt. Second, we agreed to use our best efforts to register the shares issuable pursuant to the exchange agreements in the next registration statement w e file under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. And third, the issuance of all of the shares of common stock to be issued under these Debt Exchanges are subject to NYSE Amex listing approval. Therefore, although some debt holders have signed an exchange agreement, they are not enforceable against us until we receive Shareholder Approval and approval of the NYSE Amex to list the shares, which we cannot guarantee and therefore the exchange may never occur. At this time, based on the recent rise in the price of our shares of common stock and the closing of the “March-April 2010 12% Convertible Note Financing” discussed below, it is unclear whether we will proceed with the proposed Debt Exchange . If and when we do receive Shareholder Approval, we shall disclose the final amount of debt that shall be exchanged and the total number of shares issued in exchange therefor. Any shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the debt exchange will be issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for issuances not involving a public offering and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 89 In March 2010, we also entered into an Exchange Fee Agreement with Cantone Research Inc., who was the placement agent for the original issuance of the Notes. Pursuant to the Exchange Fee Agreement, Cantone Research agreed to negotiate the exchange with the Note Holders described above and obtain the Note Holders agreement and signature to the exchange agreement. Under the Exchange Fee Agreement, we agreed to pay Cantone Research a fee of 2% of the total principle and interest that is due, up through March 1, 2010, which, as of such date is $79,049 or 2% of $3,952,403. We agreed to pay Cantone Research the number of shares of our common stock that is equal to the quotient of $79,048 divided by $0.28, or 282,314 shares. We also agreed to reduce the exercise price of the placement agent warrants issued to Cantone Research to $0 .28 per share upon completion of the Debt Exchange. The issuance of shares to Cantone Research under the Exchange Fee Agreement is subject to NYSE Amex and Shareholder Approval. If we do not receive Shareholder Approval, we will have to pay the exchange fee in cash. Further, if we do not proceed with the Debt Exchanges, none of the other agreements with Cantone Research Inc. will be consummated. Also in March 2010, in an effort to further reduce our cash expenditures, we also amended a consulting agreement with one of our corporate consultants — Cantone Asset Management LLC. Under the original consulting agreement, we were to pay Cantone Asset an aggregate cash consulting fee of $144,000 and issued them warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock at $0.60 per share. Pursuant to the amendment, (i) Cantone Asset shall instead be paid with an aggregate of 514,285 shares of our common stock, (ii) we will use our best efforts to register those shares in the next registration statement we file; and, (iii) we will engage counsel to issue a blanket opinion to our transfer agent regarding the amendment shares once the related registration statement is declared effective. In consideration for Cantone Asset agreeing to the amendment, we agreed to adjust the exercise price of their warrant to $0.28 per share. The issuance of shares pursuant to the amendment is subject to our receipt of NYSE AMEX approval and Shareholder Approval. If we do not receive Shareholder Approval, the exercise price of the warrants will still be effective, but we will have to pay the consulting fee in cash. St. George Convertible Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement Defaults and Waivers; Note Conversions and Warrant Exercises After January 1, 2010 On September 15, 2009, we issued a 12% Convertible Promissory Note (the “St. George Note”). to St. George Investments, LLC (“St. George”). On December 11, 2009 we entered into a Waiver of Default with St. George pursuant to which we agreed to repay the entire balance of the St. George Note and any adjustments thereto pursuant to the terms of the initial Waiver by February 1, 2010. Since we failed to pay the entire balance of the note by February 1, 2010, we were in default on the St. George Note. On February 16, 2010, we entered into a Waiver of Default agreement (“February 16 Waiver”) with St. George pursuant to which: (i) St. George waived all defaults through May 15, 2010 and agreed not to accelerate the amounts due under the Note before May 15, 2010 a nd (ii) St. George shall exercise their Warrant to purchase 140,000 shares of our common stock at $0.65 per share. In consideration for this waiver, we agreed to pay St. George a default fee equal to $50,000, which shall be added to the balance of the Note effective as of the February 16, 2010. The February 16 Waiver included a provision that would reinstate the default if the company failed to comply with the terms of the February 16 Waiver. At various times during the period January 1, 2010 through April 8, 2010, St. George converted portions of the remaining principal and interest due on the St. George Note and in consideration thereof, the Company issued to St. George an aggregate of 2,568,951 shares of our common stock. In addition during the same period, St. George exercised warrants to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 Shares of our Common Stock. All of such note conversions and warrant exercises during 2010 were at $0.28 per share, the adjusted warrant exercise price pursuant to the terms of the warrant. The total net proceeds from the exercise of warrants by St. George during such period was $112,000. There were no net proceeds from the various note conversions. Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements- March and April 2010 After the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company sought additional financing for its continuing operations. On March 22, 2010, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to enter into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (“Purchase Agreement”) with one accredited investor (“Lender”) pursuant which the Company issued the Lender a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of $925,000 bearing interest at a rate of 12%, increasing to 18% upon the occurrence of an event of certain triggering events. The Purchase Agreement includes a warrant to purchase up to 1,100,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $0.28. The Note carries a 20% original issue discount and matures on March 22, 2011. In addition, the Company agreed to pay $200,000 to the Lender t o cover their transaction costs incurred in connection with this transaction; such amount was withheld from the loan at the closing of the transaction. As a result, the total net proceeds the Company received were $540,000, exclusive of finder’s fees paid in connection with the transaction. The Lender may convert the Note, in whole or in part into shares of the Company’s common stock. The Conversion Price is equal to 80% of the volume-weighted average price for the 5 trading days ending on the business day immediately preceding the applicable date the conversion is sought but will be at least $0.28 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. 90 The transaction with the Lender was the “First Closing” of a series of similar transactions, which together are hereinafter referred to as “March-April 2010 12% Convertible Note Financing.” On April 8, 2010, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to enter into additional Purchase Agreements to issue up to an additional $7,500,000 of 12% Convertible notes and to issue warrants to issue up to an additional 15,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock pursuant to the March-April 2010 12% Convertible Note Financing. On April 8, 2010, in the “Second Closing,” the Lender and other accredited investors purchased an aggregate of $5,524,425 principal amount of additional 12% Convertible Notes and the Company issued additional warrants to purchase 6,569,585 shares of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.38 per share on terms substantially the same as described above in the First Closing with the Lender. The net proceeds from the Second Closing were $3,225,000, exclusive of any finder’s fees paid in the Second Closing. On April 13, 2010, in the “Third Closing” of the March-April 2010 12% Convertible Note Financing, Lender and other accredited investors, purchased an aggregate of $3,957,030 principal amount of additional 12% Convertible Notes and the Company issued additional warrants to purchase 4,705,657 shares of the Company’s Common Stock exercisable at $0.69 per share on terms substantially the same as described above in the First Closing and Second Closing.. The net proceeds from the Third Closing were $2,310,000, exclusive of any finder’s fees paid in the Second Closing. 91 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and result of operations contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in the "Risk Factors" section of the other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations relates to the operations and financial condition reported in the financial statements of Radient for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 and should be read in conjunction with such financial statements and related notes included in this report. The Company Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation is a vertically integrated pharmaceutical company with the following distinct business divisions or units: · Manufacturer and Distributor of ONKO-SURE tm a Proprietary In-Vitro Diagnostic (“IVD”) Cancer Test; · Distribution of Elleuxe brand of Anti-Aging Skin Care Products; · A Cancer Therapeutics Technology. The Company’s Revised Strategic Focus Until recently, the Company was focused on the production and distribution of pharmaceutical products through the Company’s subsidiaries located in the People’s Republic of China. The Company has recently refocused the Company’s core business strategy and market focus to the international commercialization of ONKO-SURE tm and Elleuxe products. On September 25, 2009, the Company changed the name from “AMDL, Inc.” to “Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation.” The Company believe Radient Pharmaceuticals as a brand name has considerable market appeal and reflects the Company’s new corporate direction and branding statements. The Company is now actively engaged in the research, development, manufacturing, sale and marketing of in IVD and high-end skin care products. The Company has focused the business strategy on the international commercialization and next generation product development for both of these products. All of these business units focus on the development, manufacturing, distribution and sales of high-quality medical diagnostic products, generic pharmaceuticals, nutritional supplements, and cosmetics in the United States, Canada, China, Chile, Europe, India, Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and other markets throughout the world. For 2009, the Company generated approximately $158,000 in the sales of the Company’s ONKO-SURE tm IVD cancer diagnostic test kits, which is an increase of approximately 98% in sales of this product over the same period for 2008. Depending on receiving additional funding, it is also anticipated that we will begin commercialized sales of the Company’s Elleuxe brand of skin care products by the end of the fourth quarter of 2010. These two business segments are anticipated to be the Company’s largest revenue producing products in the near future. The Company believes that revenues from these products will significantly increase in 2010 due to the creation of distribution agreements that are anticipated to move the IVD cancer diagnostic test kits and the Elleuxe brand of skin care products into broad commercial channels in markets throughout the world. In connection with the deconsolidation, the Company has reclassified China pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution business (conducted through JPI subsidiary) as a business investment, rather than a consolidated operating subsidiary of the Company. IV Diagnostics IVD Cancer Diagnostics 92 ONKO-SURE tm Kit The product is manufactured at the Company’s Tustin, California based facilities and is sold to third party distributors, who then sell directly to Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments certified reference laboratories in the United States as well as clinical reference labs, hospital laboratories and physician operated laboratories in the international market. The Company’s test kits are currently being sold to one diagnostic reference laboratory in the United States. During the 2009, the Company entered into the following distribution agreements: · Exclusive five year distribution agreement with Grifols USA, LLC. This distribution agreement allows Grifols USA, LLC to market and sell ONKO-SURE tm for the monitoring of colorectal cancer to hospitals, clinical laboratories, clinics and other health care organizations. · Exclusive two year distribution agreement with Tarom Applied Technologies Ltd for the marketing and sales of ONKO-SURE tm in Israel. · Two distinct exclusive five year distribution agreement with GenWay Biotech, Inc. This distribution agreement allows Genway Biotech, Inc, to market and see ONKO-SURE tm for uses other than colorectal cancer to CLIA-certified laboratories in the US and as a lung cancer screen to laboratories in Canada The majority of sales were outside of the U.S. with, limited sales of test kits within the U.S. The Company has developed the next generation version of theONKO-SURE tm test kit, and in 2009, the Company entered into a collaborative agreement with the Mayo Clinic to conduct a clinical study to determine whether the new version of the kit can lead to improved accuracy in the detection of early-stage cancer The Company’sONKO-SURE tm in- vitro diagnostic test enables physicians and their patients to effectively monitor and/or detect solid tumor cancers by measur ing the accumulation of specific breakdown products in the blood called Fibrin and Fibrinogen Degradation Products (FDP). ONKO-SURE tm is a simple, non-invasive blood test used for the detection and/or monitoring of 14 different types of cancer including: lung, breast, stomach, liver, colon, rectal, ovarian, esophageal, cervical, trophoblastic, thyroid, malignant lymphoma, and pancreatic. ONKO-SURE tm can be a valuable diagnostic tool in the worldwide battle against cancer, the second leading cause of death worldwide. ONKO-SURE tm serves the IVD cancer/oncology market which, according to Bio-Medicine.org, is growing at an 11% compounded annual growth rate. ONKO-SURE tm is sold as a blood test for cancer in Europe (CE Mark certified), India, Taiwan, Korea, Vietnam, and in Chile (research use); approved in the U.S. for the monitoring of colorectal cancer (CRC); approved in Canada (by Health Canada) for lung cancer detection and lung cancer treatment monitoring; and in many key markets, has the significant potential to be used as a general cancer screening test. Because the ONKO-SURE tm test kit is a non-invasive blood test, there are no side effects of the administration of the test. As with other cancer diagnostic products, false positive and false negative test results could pose a small risk to patient health if the physician is not vigilant in following up on the ONKO-SURE tm test kit results with other clinically relevant diagnostic modalities. While the ONKO-SURE tm test kit is helpful in diagnosing whether a patient has cancer, the attending physician needs to use other testing methods to determine and confirm the type and kind of cancer involved. On July 8, 2009, the Company changed the brand name of their in-vitro diagnostic cancer test from DR-70 to the more consumer friendly, trademarked brand name “ONKO-SURE tm ,” which we believe communicates it as a high quality, innovative consumer cancer test. The Company is also installing a new tag line — “The Power of Knowing” — which communicates to cancer patients and their physicians that the test is effective in assessing whether a patient’s cancer is progressing during treatment or is in remission. Elleuxe Brand of Premium Anti-Aging Skin Care Products The Company intends to produce and market a variety of cosmetic products that were originally developed by JPI in 2008, based upon their HPE anti-aging therapeutic products. We have reformulated these products for international markets under the brand name Elleuxe. The Company currently anticipates the launch of sales of these U.S. manufactured skin care products during late 2010. Elleuxe, a therapeutic, high-end skin care product line based on the active ingredient “Elleuxe Protein” — the Company’s proprietary active ingredient that offers cell renewing properties designed to minimize the appearance of aging. The initial Elleuxe product line includes: · Hydrating Firming Cream · Renergie Hydrating Cleanser 93 · Intense Hydrating Cleanser · Visable Renewing Hydrating Softener · Smoothing Renewing Eye Moisturizer The Company now expects to launch this product in late 2010. The Company also expect to offer a vegetable-based product line and a men’s product line by the end of 2010. In total there will be eight separate product formulations. Elleuxe is anticipated to be sold directly to high-end retail stores, high-end beauty spas and medical day spas. The Company anticipates that we will sell the product sets (grouped based on skin types) at prices ranging from $500 to $650 per set and the individual products in the set at $100-$350 per ounce in eight separate product formulations. According to Euromonitor, the global luxury skin care market is expected to reach $22.1 billion by 2013. IVD Cancer Research and Development During the year ended December 31, 2009, we incurred expenses of $563,690 in research and development related to the ONKO-SURE tm , as compared to $194,693 for the same period in 2008. These expenditures were incurred as part of the Company’s efforts to improve the existing ONKO-SURE tm and develop the next generation ONKO-SURE tm . The Company expects expenditures for research and development to grow in the 2010 due to additional staff and consultants needed to support an agreement with Mayo Clinic to conduct a clinical study for the validation of the Company’s next generation version of its United States Food and Drug Administration(“USFDA”) approved ONKO-SURE tm test kit and additional development costs associated with entry into new markets. Through this validation study, the Company and Mayo Clinic will perform clinical diagnostic testing to compare to the Company’s ONKO-SURE tm test kit with a newly developed, next generation t est. The primary goal of the study is to determine whether the Company’s next generation ONKO-SURE tm test kit serves as a higher-performing test to its existing predicate test and can lead to improved accuracy in the detection of early-stage cancers. In collaboration with the Mayo Clinic, the Company is designing and intends to perform an additional study to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the next generation test for monitoring colorectal cancer. In addition, additional expenses will be incurred for consultants and laboratories for the reformulation of the HPE-based cosmetics as well as laboratories involved in testing the safety and effectiveness of the product. New Corporate Name On August 22, 2009, the Company, received shareholder approval in order to change its name to Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation (“Radient Pharma”). the Company’s name was changed on September 25, 2009 and shortly thereafter the Company posted a new corporate website under the new name at www.radient-pharma.com China-based Integrated Pharmaceuticals China Pharmaceutical Manufacturing and Distribution; Discontinued Operations and Dispositions The Company’s previously operated China-based pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution business is engaged in the manufacture and distribution of generic and homeopathic pharmaceutical products and supplements, as well as cosmetic products. RPC operated this business division through its wholly-owned subsidiary, JPI, which in turn, operates through a wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary, Jiangxi Jiezhong Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“JJB”). On January 22, 2009, the Company’s board of directors authorized management to sell the operations of Yangbian Yiqiao Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited (“YYB”). The Company classified the assets, liabilities, operations and cash flows of YYB as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 94 The sale of YYB was completed on June 26, 2009. Shares in YYB, along with rights to certain land and land use rights, were transferred to the buyer (an individual) in consideration of: · The forgiveness of amounts owed to YYB from JJB;and · The buyer of YYB has contractually agreed to pay off the balance of the 16 million RMB (or $2,337.541 U.S. Dollars) obligation secured by a mortgage on certain land owned by JJB. YYB has been accounted for as discontinued operations and in connection with the sale of YYB, JPI transferred certain of JJB’s land use rights to the buyer of YYB, in which the bank has a secured interest. JPI originally acquired YYB and JJB in 2005 along with certain assets and liabilities of a predecessor to JJB (JiangXi Shangrao KangDa Biochemical Pharmacy Co. Ltd). YYB was sold to a Chinese national for 16 million RMB (or $2,337,541 U.S. Dollars) in the form of an agreement whereby the buyer of YYB will pay this amount to Chinese International Bank of Commerce in order to partially satisfy outstanding bank loans at JJB. During the second quarter of 2009, the Company’s management became aware of internal management disputes in China that resulted in a deterioration of both operational and financial controls by JPI’s management over the operating entity JJB. The management of both JPI and JJB have indicated that they believe the most prudent path to raising additional capital for the Company’s Chinese operating division is for JJB to complete one or more private placements of equity. They also indicated that they believe the best path for the Company to monetize the Company’s investments in JPI and JJB would be for JJB to seek a public listing on the Growth Enterprise Market (“GEM”) located in Hong Kong or a similar Asia based market by the third quarter of 2012. The Company’s executive management and board of directors are in agreement with JPI and JJB’s management on this strategy. During the third quarter of 2009, it became apparent to the Company’s management that the working relationship with management of its operations in China was becoming increasingly strained. Accordingly, the Company deemed it appropriate to seek alternative means of monetizing its investment. There were several issues that caused the Company to conclude accordingly, including, but not limited to: · Lack of responsiveness by the management in China to requests by Company management for financial information; · Lack of responsiveness by management in China to requests for transfer of Company funds to bank accounts under corporate control; · Lack of timely communication with Corporate management concerning significant decisions made by management in China concerning the disposal of the YYB subsidiary; and · Lack of timely communication with corporate officers concerning operations in China. Effective September 29, 2009, based on unanimous consent of the Company’s board of directors and an executed binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between the Company and Henry Jia, Frank Zheng and Yuan Da Xia (collectively, the “JPI Shareholders”), the Company deconsolidated all activity of JPI. Based on the Agreement and in accordance with current accounting guidelines, the Company deconsolidated JPI as of the date the Company ceased to have a controlling financial interest, which was effective September 29, 2009. In accordance with the Agreement, the Company agreed to exchange its shares of JPI for non-voting shares of preferred stock, relinquished all rights to past and future profits, surrendered its management positions and agreed to non-authoritative minority role on its board of directors. Based on the Company’s evaluation of current accounting guidance, it was determined that the Company did not maintain significant influence over the investee and, accordingly, has recorded such investment in accordance with the cost method. Although, the Company maintains significant economic ownership in JPI, based on its evaluation of its lack of ability to influence, lack of a role in policy and decision making, no significant planned intercompany activity, among other things, the Company concluded that it would not be appropriate to account for such investment in consolidation or under the equity method of accounting. The deconsolidation process of JPI and JJB materially and adversely affected the Company’s 2009 earnings and sales. There can be no assurance that we will ever realize any significant value from the Company’s equity interest in JPI and JJB. 95 On September 29, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement which outlines the Company’s limited role in JPI’s future operations. As such, the Company has classified JPI on the consolidated balance sheet as “Investment in JPI” and included results from JPI and JJB’s operations for the period ended September 29, 2009 on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Despite the deconsolidation of JPI and its wholly-owned subsidiary, JJB, the Company still believes JPI and JJB have a promising future. The Company anticipates that they may be able to sell off a portion or all of their ownership in JPI and JJB within the next 24 months, although no buyers have as yet been identified. Alternatively, the Company would seek an exit from their investment at or after any public listing. The Company also could retain all or a portion of the Company’s remaining equity stake in JPI and JJB, if ownership continues to look promising. The goal is to gain the best valuation possible for this strategic asset. Additionally, the Company also believes that JPI/JJB’s business and brand recognition make it a potential buyout target. Operations of JJB JJB manufactures and markets numerous diagnostic, pharmaceutical, nutritional supplement and cosmetic products. JJB is acquiring production rights for other pharmaceutical products which will require the approval of the SFDA. Historically, the top selling products in China are HPE-based Solutions (anti-aging cosmecutical), Domperidone (anti-emetic), Levofloxacin Lactate Injections (IV antibiotics) and Glucose solutions (pharmaceutical). Facilities The SFDA requires that all facilities engaged in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products obtain GMP certification. In February 2008, JJB’s GMP certification expired for the small volume parenteral solutions injection plant lines that were engaged in manufacturing the Company’s HPE injectible product, Goodnak, and all other small volume parenteral solutions. JJB ceased small volume parenteral solutions operations at this facility while undertaking $1.5 million in modifications necessary to bring the facility and its operations into compliance. The renovations were completed and recertification was obtained in 2009. The Company was notified by the Chinese Military Department of its intent to annex one of JJB’s plants that is located near a military installation. The proposed area to be annexed contains the facilities that are used to manufacture large and small volume parenteral solutions. Discussions regarding annexation are proceeding and we expect that JJB will be compensated fairly for the transfer of the facility upon annexation. JJB intends to find a new single center site in Jiangxi Province, China to relocate its operations. For purposes of reporting the results of discontinued operations, the Company have assumed that all products previously manufactured and sold by YYB were sold with the business. The Company may have to spend significant time and resources finding, building and equipping the new location and restarting the relocated operations. In addition, such new facilities will need to obtain GMP certification for all manufacturing operations. Marketing and Distribution JJB has established a marketing program consisting of approximately forty sales managers and a network of distributors who market JJB’s products. JJB sells directly to hospitals and retail stores and indirectly to other customers through distributors. One primary distributor has 29 retail outlets throughout China. JJB is developing educational programs for hospitals, doctors, clinics and distributors with respect to JJB’s product lines. These educational programs are intended to improve sales and promotion of JJB’s products. New Beauty Formulations of the HPE-Based Anti-Aging Product During 2008, JJB finalized the formulations of the following HPE-based cosmetic products. These new products consist of capsules and an easy-to-apply lotion version and are marketed under the trade name “Nalefen Skin Care”. These new products complement JJB’s existing high quality injectible and extract formulations. Additionally, JJB has contracted with YiBo to develop a capsule version of the Goodnak product. JJB plans to sell both products through both new and existing distribution channels within the Henan, Sichuan, Guizhou, Shanxi, Xinjiang, Gansu, Hunan, Zhejiang, Fujian, Liaoning and Heilongjiang Provinces of China. Together these regions have a combined population of more than 376 million people. 96 Distribution Channels for Beauty Product Lines Distribution contracts which were in place during 2008 for the sale of HPE products have expired and JJB has not renewed the agreements. As a result, revenue in 2009 was adversely impacted. At this time, JJB does not anticipate the new lotion formulations will also be sold through these same distributors. JPI’s management has indicated that they have developed various new distribution relationships with more reliable distributors that will be selling their HPE solutions in the future. JJB also believes that some of the beauty products will be good candidates for export to the North American and South American markets. JJB has completed the reformulation of the China based formula and will submit to a US laboratory to be tested for safety and effectiveness. In conjunction with the testing, RPC is collaborating with an industry specialist to develop a unique packaging scheme for the market. It is estimated that this process will be completed in 2010. The Current Chinese Economic and Market Environment The Company operates in a challenging economic and regulatory environment that has undergone significant changes in technology and in patterns of global trade. The current economic and market environment in China is uncertain. In addition, China’s health care spending is projected to increase by nearly 40% to $17.3 billion, with a government proposal to bring universal healthcare to 90% of its 1.3 billion citizens by 2011, as reported by the American Free Press. While this data appears promising, the proposal, however, could result in additional controls over the pricing of certain drugs which could, in turn, negatively impact JJB’s business prospects in China and the carrying amount of production rights acquired from YiBo. Cancer Therapeutics In 2001, the Company acquired the CIT technology, which forms the basis for a proprietary cancer vaccine. The Company’s CIT technology is a U.S. patented technology (patent issued May 25, 2004). The Cancer Therapeutics division is engaged in commercializing the CIT technology. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ending December 31, 2009, as filed with the SEC onMay 3, 2010 for disclosures regarding Radient’s critical accounting policies and estimates. Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2009 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2008 Net Revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company’s aggregate net revenues from product sales decreased 63% to $8,627,669 from $23,774,900 for the same period in 2008. Corporate Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009 for the Company was $158,017 compared to $80,222 for the same period in 2008. This increase is due to increased orders for the ONKO-SURE tm test kits. With USFDA approval of ONKO-SURE tm test kit, the Company’s goal is to enter into additional exclusive or non-exclusive distribution agreements for various regions, and due to the Company’s overall commercialization efforts, we expect sales to increase in 2010. The Company presently has in place exclusive distribution agreements for the ONKO-SURE™ test kits in the USA, Canada, Korea, India, Russia, Greece, and Israel along with an exclusive distribution partner assigned inVietnam. The Company has an agreement in negotiation which would grant exclusive rights to distribute the ONKO-SURE tm test kits in South America and Latin America. It is anticipated that this agreement will be in place by the end of the second quarter of 2010. The statement concerning future sales is a forward-looking statement that involves certain risks and uncertainties which could result in sales below those achieved for the year ended December 31, 2009. Sales of ONKO-SURE tm test kits in 2010 could be negatively impacted by potential competing products, lack of adequate supply and overall market acceptance of the Company’s products. 97 The Company has a limited supply of one of the key components of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit. The anti-fibrinogen-HRP is limited in supply and additional quantities cannot be purchased. The Company currently has two lots remaining which are estimated to produce approximately 31,000 kits. Based on the Company’s current and anticipated orders, this supply is adequate to fill all orders. Although the Company is working on replacing this component so that they are in a position to have an unlimited supply of ONKO-SURE in the future, the Company cannot assure that this anti-fibrinogen-HRP replacement will be completed. An integral part of the Company’s research and development through 2010 is the testing and development of an improved version of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit. The Company is reviewing various alternatives and believes that a replacement anti-fibrinogen-HRP will be identified, tested and USFDA approved before the current supply is exhausted. Pilot studies show that the new version could be superior to the current version. It is anticipated that this version will be submitted to the USFDA in the latter half of 2010. China-Wholesale China net revenues were $8,469,652 for the period from January 1, 2009 through September 29, 2009, as compared to $23,694,678 for the year ended 2008. This decrease was primarily due to: · Management conflicts between JPI and its subsidiary JJB; · The sale of YYB; and · The lack of sales of HPE solutions due to the mandatory 5-year GMP recertification by the SFDA of JJB’s small injectible line and the expiration of contracts with beauty distributors that sell topical HPE solution. Gross Profit. The Company’s gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2009 was $3,267,456 as compared to $12,244,509 for the year ended December 31, 2008. Corporate Gross profit increased approximately 102% to $120,345 for the year ended December 31, 2009 from $59,605 for the year ended December 31, 2008 due to increased sales volume of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit. China China gross profit was $3,147,110 for the period from January 1, 2009 through September 29, 2009, a 74% decrease over the year ended 2008 where gross profit was $12,184,904. Gross profit as compared to sales decreased from 52% for the year ended December 31, 2008 to 37% for the period from January 1, 2009 through September 29, 2009,. This decrease can be attributed to a change in the product mix as products shifted away from products reliant on the small injectible manufacturing line to other less profitable products as well as an increase in the cost of raw materials and an increase in manufacturing overhead. The major components of cost of sales include raw materials, wages and salary and production overhead. Production overhead is comprised of depreciation of building, land use rights, and manufacturing equipment, amortization of production rights, utilities and repairs and maintenance. Research and Development. In the past, JJB and YYB entered into joint research and development agreements with outside research institutes, but all of the prior joint research agreements have expired. 98 All research and development costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2009 were incurred by Radient in the U.S. These costs comprised of funding the necessary research and development of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit for the USFDA, and preparing for submission of ONKO-SURE tm test kit to the SFDA. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we incurred $563,690 in research and development expenses related to the ONKO-SURE tm test kit, compared to $194,693 for the same period in 2008. We expect research and development expenditures to increase during of 2010 due to: · Additional expenditures for research and development is needed in China for SFDA approval of ONKO-SURE tm test kit and the need for clinical trials in China for SFDA approval of ONKO-SURE tm test kit; · The need for research and development for an updated version of the ONKO-SURE tm test kit in the US, clinical trials for such tests and funds for ultimate USFDA approval; and · Research and development for the HPE-based cosmetic product. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling , general and administrative expenses for the Company were $10,936,789 for the year ended December 31, 2009 as compared to $10,962,058 for the year ended December 31, 2008. Corporate We incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of $7,311,242 in 2009 as compared to $9,674,934 in 2008. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of consulting (including financial consulting) and legal expenses, director and commitment fees, regulatory compliance, professional fees related to patent protection, payroll, payroll taxes, investor and public relations, professional fees, and stock exchange and shareholder services expenses. Also included in selling, general and administrative expenses were non-cash expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2009 of approximately $520,000 for common stock, options and warrants issued to consultants for services and approximately $822,000 for options issued to employees and directors and approximately $1,900,000 in bad debt expense. T he decrease in selling, general and administrative expense incurred is primarily a result of a reduction in professional fees and payroll related costs of approximately $1,300,000 and $1,100,000, respectively. The table below details the major components of selling, general and administrative expenses incurred at Corporate: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 Investor relations (including value of warrants/options) $ 864,905 $ 1,851,033 Salary and wages (including value of options) $ 2,701,530 $ 3,859,506 Directors fees (including value of options) $ 378,521 $ 721,874 Consulting fees $ 192,692 $ 104,040 Accounting and other professional fees $ 735,618 $ 972,141 Legal $ 825,727 $ 630,939 China-Wholesale China-Wholesale incurred selling, general and administrative expenses of $3,625,547 for the period from January 1, 2009 through September 29, 2009, as compared to $1,287,124 for the year ended December 31, 2008. Major components were advertising, amortization, payroll and related taxes, transportation charges, meals and entertainment and insurance. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 182% in 2009 when compared to 2008 expenses. The increase is primarily due to expenses for advertising of approximately $1,098,000 incurred during the third quarter of 2009. Advertising expense are for the promotion and advertising of the HPE based products which were in prior periods assumed by the distributors. 99 Additionally, JPI’s executive salaries were paid by Corporate in 2008. Interest Expense. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 was $2,596,606 and $468,531, respectively. Corporate Interest expense increased to $2,568,155 for the year ended December 31, 2009 from $100,561 for the year ended December 31, 2008 as a result of the issuance of debt instruments and the amortization of the related debt discounts, debt issuance costs, and derivative liabilities in 2008 and 2009. China-Wholesale JPI incurred interest expense of $28,451 and $367,970 for the period from January 1, 2009 through September 29, 2009 and the year ended December 31, 2008. These expenses represent interest paid to financial institutions in connection with debt obligations. Results of Discontinued Operations Summarized operating results of discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 are as follows: Years Ended December 31 2009 2008 Revenue $ 594,839 $ 3,967,643 Income (loss) before income taxes $ 277,743 $ 1,081,021 Included in income (loss) from discontinued operations, net are income tax expenses of $30,717 and $5,213 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. YYB’s tax rate is 15% through 2010 in accordance with the “Western Region Development Concession Policy” of the PRC government. Income (loss) before discontinued operations. As a result of the factors described above, for the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company’s loss before discontinued operations was $12,482,018 or ($0.75) per share compared to the year ended December 31, 2008 when the Company’s loss before discontinued operations was $712,948, or ($0.05) per share. Liquidity and Capital Resources For the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents decreased by $2,275,138, compared to a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of $3,870,210 for the same period in 2008. We lost approximately $900,000 of cash due to the disposition of YYB and deconsolidation of JPI. In addition, we continue to attempt to raise additional debt or equity financing as the Company’s operations historically have not produced sufficient cash to offset the cash drain of growth in the Company’s pharmaceutical business and general operating and administrative expenses. The Company’s operations require approximately $300,000 per month, including interest. To the extent that funds are not available to meet the Company’s operating needs, the Company’s will have to restrict or discontinue ope rations. 100 Operating activities. The Company used $3,204,985 from continuing operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2009, compared with cash used in continuing operating activities of $6,230,880 for the same period in 2008. This decrease was due in part to the collection of accounts receivable offset by an increase in prepaid advertising, consulting and other expenses. The Company generated $101,457 in cash from discontinued operating activities from changes in operating assets and liabilities in the year ended December 31, 2009, as compared to generating $1,559,721 for the same period in 2008. Investing activities. We used $1,797,723 in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2009 compared with $1,310,280 for the same period in 2008. The primary reason for the change was that the Company purchased more equipment in 2009 compared to 2008. For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, JJB made capital improvements to their facilities and purchased equipment in an effort to regain JJB’s GMP certification for JJB’s small injectible manufacturing lines. Renovations necessary for GMP recertification of the facility at JJB were completed and recertification was received in the second quarter of 2009. In 2009, we also acquired lab and office equipment for the Company’s U.S. facility to support the Company’s ONKO- SURE tm test kit initiatives. Net cash provided by financing activities was $3,464,468 for the year ended December 31, 2009, primarily consisting of the net proceeds of $520,556 from the issuance of convertible debt, net proceeds of $2,088,592 from the issuance of senior debt, and net proceeds of $812,320 from the issuance of common stock. Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations was $2,162,272 for the year ended December 31, 2008 represented net proceeds of $2,084,401, $856,714, $857,271 and $559,530 from the issuance of convertible debt, senior debt, common stock and exercise of warrants and options, respectively, which were partially offset by payments of $2,195,644 on notes payable. Our cash position was significantly improved by the March-April 2010 12% Convertible Note Financing. As of April 14, 2010 we had $6.4 million of cash on hand. Future Capital Needs The Company expects to incur additional capital expenditures at the Company’s U.S. facilities in 2010 in the form of upgrading the Company’s information technology systems, collaboration with the Mayo Clinic, further development of the ONKO-SURE tm product and upgrading manufacturing lines in Tustin. It is anticipated that these projects will be funded primarily through the additional debt or equity financing obtained in March and April 2010. China Credit Facilities When JPI acquired JJB and YYB, KangDa Pharmaceutical Company, a predecessor of JJB, had a credit facility and bank loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (“ICBC”) of approximately 38 million RMB, or $4.7 million, (the “KangDa Credit Facility”), which was assumed by JPI through agreement with KangDa. The assumption of the loan was not formalized with the bank, however, the bank made a verbal agreement to allow the JPI to continue under the original terms of the credit agreement. The loan from ICBC is secured by a pledge of the real property on which the JJB’s Chinese manufacturing facilities are located. Currently, approximately $3.1 million is due and payable on the KangDa Credit Facility. JPI is currently in default, but the bank is cooperating with JPI’s management to res olve this issue. As part of the resolution, the purchaser of YYB is directly negotiating with the bank on the remaining principal balance due the bank. Approximately $2.3 million from the sale of YYB is to be remitted to pay down principal and interest on this loan. Issuance of Securities for Services Due to our limited cash resources, we have in the past and recently issues securities for services in lieu of cash to consultants and other providers. 101 On January 22, 2009, we entered into an agreement with B&D Consulting for investor relations services through July 7, 2010. We granted B&D Consulting 400,000 shares of our common stock in exchange for services, subject to the approval for listing of the shares by the NYSE Alternate US. NYSE Alternext US approval was received on March 26, 2009 and the shares were issued on March 31, 2009. The value of the shares will be expensed during the periods in which services are provided in exchange for the share-based compensation. On February 2, 2009, our Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 12,500 shares of our common stock to an investor relations consultant for services under a consulting agreement, subject to the approval for listing of the shares by the NYSE Alternext US. NYSE Alternext US approval was received on March 26, 2009 and the shares were issued on March 31, 2009. The value of the shares will be expensed during the periods in which services are provided in exchange for the share-based compensation. On July 31, 2009, the Company issued 37,500 shares of common stock to Strategic Growth International, Inc. as settlement for the 150,000 warrants owned them. The stock was valued at $0.63 per share. As the common stock value is below the original warrant value, the Company did not recognize incremental costs associated with the settlement. On September 22, 2009, we entered into an agreement with Lyons Capital, LLC for investor relations services for a twelve month period. We granted 200,000 shares, in exchange for services. The value of the shares will be expensed during the periods in which service are provided in exchange for the share-based compensation. On September 29, 2009 the Company issued 67,800 shares of common stock to a vendor as settlement for the amount owed them. The shares were valued at $0.29 per share and as a result of the settlement the Company recorded the gain of $26,442. On November 24, 2009, we entered into an agreement with First International Capital Group, Ltd, for investor relations services for a six month period. We granted 900,000 shares, which will be expensed during the periods in which service are provided in exchange for the share-based compensation. On February 9, 2010, we issued 1,100,000 shares of our common stock to two consultants under consulting services agreements. The value of these issuances will be recorded in first quarter 2010 at fair market value based upon the then current fair market value of the stock. On April 20, 2010, we issued 2,200,000 shares of our common stock to various consultants for services under investor relation and consulting agreements and 160,714 shares in cancellation of indebtedness to one vendor of $45,000. These issuances will be recorded at their fair market value in the appropriate periods in 2010. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are not party to any off-balance sheet arrangements, however, we have executed certain contractual indemnities and guarantees, under which we may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party. We have agreed to indemnify our directors, officers, employees and agents to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. In connection with a certain facility lease, we have indemnified our lessor for certain claims arising from the use of the facilities. Pursuant to the Sale and Purchase Agreement, we have indemnified the holders of registrable securities for any claims or losses resulting from any untrue, allegedly untrue or misleading statement made in a registration statement, prospectus or similar document. Additionally, we have agreed to indemnify the former owners of JPI against losses up t o a maximum of $2,500,000 for damages resulting from breach of representations or warranties in connection with the JPI acquisition. The duration of the guarantees and indemnities varies, and in many cases is indefinite. These guarantees and indemnities do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make. Historically, we have not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations and no liabilities have been recorded for these indemnities and guarantees in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 102 Going Concern The consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We incurred losses before discontinued operations of $12,482,018 and $712,948 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of $52,438,553 at December 31, 2009. In addition, we used cash from operating activities of continuing operations of $3,204,985 for the year ended December 31, 2009. During the second quarter 2009 the Company’s corporate management became aware of certain internal disputes in China between the management of JJB and JPI. These disputes have effectively resulted in difficulties in managing the operations of JJB and also receiving financial information from them. As a result of this loss of control, the Company deconsolidated JJB effective September 29, 2009. On April 14, 2010, the Company had cash on hand of approximately $6.4 million. The Company’s U.S. operations currently require approximately $300,000 per month exclusive of interest payments on outstanding note obligations to fund the cost associated with the Company’s general U.S. corporate operations, and the expenses related to the further development of the ONKO-SURE tm kit. The monthly cash requirement of $300,000 does not include any extraordinary items or expenditures, including payments to the Mayo Clinic on clinical trials for the Company’s ONKO-SURE tm kit or expenditures related to further development of the Company’s CIT technology, as no significant expenditures are anticipated other than recurring legal fees incurred in furtherance of patent protection for the CIT technology. The Company’s near and long-term operating strategies focus on (i) obtaining SFDA approval for the ONKO-SURE tm kit, (ii) further developing and marketing of ONKO-SURE tm , (iii) seeking a large pharmaceutical partner for the Company’s CIT technology, (iv) selling different formulations of HPE-based products in the U.S. and internationally and (v) introduction of new products. Management recognizes that ability to achieve any of these objectives is dependent upon obtaining significant additional financing to sustain operations to enable it to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans include seeking financing, alliances or other partnership agreements with entities interested in the Company’s technologies, or other business transactions that would generate sufficient resources to assure continuation of the Company’s operations and research and development programs. There are significant risks and uncertainties which could negatively affect the Company’s operations. These are principally related to (i) the absence of substantive distribution network for the Company’s ONKO-SURE tm kits, (ii) the early stage of development of the Company’s CIT technology and the need to enter into a strategic relationship with a larger company capable of completing the development of any ultimate product line including the subsequent marketing of such product, (iii) the absence of any commitments or firm orders from the Company’s distributors, (iv) possible defaults in existing indebtedness and (v) failure to meet operational covenants in existing financing agreeme nts which would trigger additional defaults or penalties. The Company’s limited sales to date for the ONKO-SURE tm kit and the lack of any purchase requirements in the existing distribution agreements make it impossible to identify any trends in the Company’s business prospects. Moreover, if either AcuVector and/or the University of Alberta is successful in their claims, we may be liable for substantial damages, the Company’s rights to the CIT technology will be adversely affected, and the Company’s future prospects for licensing the CIT technology will be significantly impaired. The Company’s only sources of additional funds to meet continuing operating expenses, fund additional research and development and fund additional working capital are through the sale of securities, and/or debt instruments. The Company is actively seeking additional debt or equity financing, but no assurances can be given that such financing will be obtained or what the terms thereof will be. The Company may need to discontinue a portion or all of its operations if we are unsuccessful in generating positive cash flow or financing for the Company’s operations through the issuance of securities. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 103 Directors And Executive Officers The following table and text set forth the names and ages of all directors and executive officers as of April 30, 2010. The size of our board is currently set at five and is divdided into three classes. The terms of two directors (Mssrs. Thompson and Arquilla) will expire at this year’s Annual Meeting; the term of one director shall expire at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2011 (Class II); and the terms of the two remaining directors shall expire at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2012 (Class I). Commencing with this year’s Annual Meeting, one class of directors will be elected for a three-year term at each Annual Meeting of Stockholders. There are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. Also provided herein are brief descriptions of the business expe rience of each director, executive officer and advisor during the past five years and an indication of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities laws. None of our officers or directors is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. Year First Name Age Elected Position(s) Douglas C. MacLellan 54 1991 Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Akio Ariura 52 2006 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Michael Boswell 40 2008 Director William M. Thompson III, M.D. 82 1989 Director Edward R. Arquilla, M.D., Ph.D. 87 1997 Director Minghui Jia 49 2006 Director Mr. MacLellan transitioned into his new role after nearly 17 years on Radient’s Board. He was appointed to the Board in 1992 and became Chairman of the Audit and Governance committees in 2001. In 2008 he assumed the role of non-executive Chairman serving as an advisor and lead Company spokesperson for Radient. Mr. MacLellan has been a member of our Board since 1992 and is Chairman of the Board’s Audit and Governance Committees. Mr. MacLellan is currently President and CEO of MacLellan Group, Inc., a privately held business incubator and financial advisory firm since May 1992. From August 2005 to the present, Mr. MacLellan has been a member of the Board of Directors of Edgewater Foods, International, Inc. Mr. MacLellan was, until Septembe r 2005, formally vice-chairman of the Board of Directors of AXM Pharma, Inc. (AXMP.PK) and its predecessors. AXM is a China based bio-pharmaceutical company. From January 1996 through August 1996, Mr. MacLellan was also the Vice-Chairman of Asia American Telecommunications (now Metromedia China Corporation), a majority owned subsidiary of Metromedia International Group, Inc. From November 1996 until March 1998, Mr. MacLellan was co-Chairman and investment committee member of the Strategic East European Fund. From November 1995 until March 1998, Mr. MacLellan was President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of PortaCom Wireless, Inc., a company engaged as a developer and operator of cellular and wireless telecommunications ventures in selected developing world markets. Mr. MacLellan is a former member of the Board of Directors and co-founder of FirstCom Corporation, an international telecommunications company that operates a competitive access fiber and satellite network in Latin Amer ica, which became AT&T Latin America, Inc. in August 2000. From 1993 to 1995, Mr. MacLellan was a principal and co-founder of Maroon Bells Capital Partners, Inc., a U.S. based merchant bank, which specializes in providing corporate finance services to companies in the international and domestic telecommunications and media industries. Mr. MacLellan was educated at the University of Southern California in economics and finance, with advanced training in classical economic theory. 104 Mr. Boswell was elected to the Board in 2008. Mr. Boswell is President, COO and Chief Compliance Officer for TriPoint Global Equities, LLC, a FINRA member firm that maintains ,specialty practices in institutional private placements, mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance. He provides high-level financial services to start-up businesses and small-to-mid-sized companies including holding executive and CFO positions with client companies. Mr. Boswell is also Managing Director of TriPoint Capital Advisors, LLC a merchant bank and financial advisory affiliate of TriPoint Global. With TriPoint Capital Advisors he has assisted numerous companies by providing high-level advice regarding corporate finance, corporate structure, corporate governance, mergers and acqu isitions, SOX 404 compliance, implications of various SEC rules and FASB Emerging Issues Task Forces issues as they relate to private placements, SEC reporting and disclosure requirements, employee option programs, and the overall reverse merger process. Mr. Boswell is currently a member of the board of directors and chairman of the audit committee of AMDL, Inc. (AMEX: ADL), a publicly held biotechnology firm and a Director and Acting Chief Accounting Officer for Ocean Smart, Inc. (OTC BB: OCSM). Prior to the founding of TriPoint Global, Mr. Boswell had a number of executive positions focusing on business development and management consulting. He also spent eight years as a senior analyst and/or senior engineer for various branches of the United States Government. Mr. Boswell earned a MBA from John Hopkins University and a BS degree in Mechanical Engineering from University of Maryland; he holds the Series 24, 82 and 63 licenses. Dr. Thompson has served as one of our directors since June 1989 and stepped down as our Chairman in 2008, and was our CEO during the years 1992-1994. He is currently Medical Director of PPO Next and a member of the clinical surgical faculty of U. C. Irvine School of Medicine. Dr. Thompson has practiced medicine for over 40 years in general practice, general surgery and trauma surgery. Previously, he practiced patent law and worked in the pharmaceutical industry in the areas of research, law and senior management for 13 years. During his medical career, he was founding Medical Director of Beach Street and August Healthcare Companies during a 25-year association with the managed care PPO industry. Dr. Thompson has also served on the OSCAP Board of SCPIE, a malpractice carrier, for 20 years and chaired its Claims Committee. He has been heavily involved with organized medicine and hospital staff management for many years and was a principal architect of the paramedic and emergency systems of Orange County, CA. Dr. Arquilla has been one of our directors since February 1997. Dr. Arquilla received his M.D. and PhD from Case Western University in 1955 and 1957, respectively. He was board certified in anatomic pathology in 1963. In 1959, he was appointed assistant professor of pathology at the University of Southern California. In 1961, he was appointed assistant professor of pathology at UCLA and promoted to full professor of pathology in 1967. He was appointed as the founding chair of Pathology at UCI in 1968. He continued in this capacity until July 1, 1994. He is presently an active professor emeritus of pathology at UCI. He has more that 80 peer reviewed published articles. His current interests are focused on immuno-pathological testing of biologically important materi als. Mr. Minghui Jia was elected to our Board in 2006 and is currently the Managing Director of Jade Pharmaceutical, Inc. Mr. Jia has over 10 years experience in investment banking, venture capital, marketing institutional trading and senior corporate management experience. Mr. Jia is familiar with all procedures for manufacturing and marketing with respect to the Asian Pharmaceutical market and has an in-depth understanding of the industry. Prior to founding Jade Capital Group, Ltd. and Jade Pharmaceutical Inc., Mr. Jia served as marketing director for China Real Estate Corporation, one of the largest Chinese property corporations between 1999 and 2003. Between 1989 and 1998, Mr. Jia served as General Manager of several branches of China Resources Co. L td., the largest China export corporation. From 1987 to 1989, Mr. Jia worked for the China National Machinery import and export corporation where he served as Manager of the Import Department for Medical Instruments. Executive Compensation The following table sets forth all compensation received during the two years ended December 31, 2009 by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and each of the other two most highly compensated individuals whose total compensation exceeded $100,000 in such fiscal year. These officers and individuals are referred to as the Named Executive Officers in this Registration Statement. As of October 31, 2008, Mr. Dreher resigned as our President and CEO and Douglas MacLellan was appointed to fill those positions; however, we are required to provide executive compensation information for the last two completed fiscal years. Upon Mr. MacLellan’s appointment, we agreed to pay him an annual base salary of $360,000, to be paid in equal monthly installments, and he is also entitled to certain bonuses, the lat ter of which he has deferred until the Company’s cash position improves. 105 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Earnings ($) Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Gary L. Dreher (1) 2009 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — Gary L. Dreher President & 2008 $ 541,667 $ 100,000 $ — $ 500,420 (2) $ — $ — $ 164,815 ( 3 ( 4) $ 1,306,902 CEO(1) Douglas MacLellan, 2009 $ 360,000 $ 30,000 $ — $ 127,940 $ — $ — $ — $ 517,940 President, CEO & Chairman 2008 $ — $ 60,000 (6) $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 180,000 (5) $ 240,000 Douglas MacLellan, President, CEO & Chairman (1) Akio Ariura, CFO 2009 $ 300,000 $ 20,000 $ — $ 40,900 $ — $ — $ — $ 360,900 Akio Ariura 2008 $ 218,749 $ 20,000 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 238,749 Frank Zheng (7) 2009 $ 186,667 $ — $ — $ 20,000 $ — $ — $ — $ 206,667 Frank Zheng 2008 $ 360,000 $ 85,000 $ — $ 48,958 $ — $ — $ — $ 493,958 Minghui Jia (7) 2009 $ 186,667 $ — $ — $ 20,000 $ — $ — $ — $ 206,667 Minghui Jia 2008 $ 240,000 $ 85,000 $ — $ 48,958 $ — $ — $ — $ 373,958 ____________ (1) Effective as of October 31, 2008, Mr. Dreher resigned from all of his positions; Mr. MacLellan replaced Mr. Dreher as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman in November 2008. (2) The value of option awards included in this column represents the compensation costs recognized by the Company in fiscal year 2008 for option awards made or modified in 2008 calculated pursuant to ASC 718. The values included within this column have not been, and may never be realized. The options might never be exercised and the value received by Mr. Dreher, if any, will depend on the share price on the exercise date. The assumptions we used with respect to the valuation of the option awards are set forth in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in our Form 10-K/A for the year ending December 31, 2009. There were no forfeitures during the year. (3) Mr. Dreher’s perquisites and other personal benefits include certain amounts for life insurance, car allowance and membership dues aggregate $14,815. (4) Effective as of October 31, 2008, Mr. Dreher resigned and his compensation as an executive officer ceased as of such date. He received $125,000 upon the effective date of his Severance Agreement, and we paid $25,000 of his legal expenses. In addition, we agreed to pay Mr. Dreher $540,000 in monthly installments of $18,000, commencing January 31, 2009 for consulting services, as well as continuation of certain insurance coverages. (5) As Chairman of our Compensation Committee and as Chairman of our Governance and Audit Committees, Douglas MacLellan received an additional $15,000 per month. (6) Pursuant to Mr. MacLellan’s appointment as our President and CEO in November 2008, he earned a bonus of $60,000 for the quarter ended December 31, 2008. (7) Due to the compensation received, we are including Mr. Zheng and Mr. Jia – two of our directors - in this table since disclosure would be required but for the fact that they were not serving as an executive officer at the end of the last completed fiscal year. 106 Employment Agreements On March 31, 2008, we entered into a three-year employment agreement with Gary L. Dreher, our then Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of the Board of Directors. The agreement was effective as of January 31, 2008, at a base $650,000 plus certain other benefits and participation in our various Equity Incentive Plans. The employment agreement also contained standard provisions concerning confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation. Effective October 31, 2008, Mr. Dreher resigned and we agreed to enter into certain mutual general releases and related covenants, and to tender to him certain payments as described below. In connection with Mr. Dreher’s retirement, we entered into a Severance Agreement with him, which provides that his compensation as an executive ceased as of the effective date of his retirement. In lieu of the compensation and other terms and benefits provided by his then current employment agreement, the Company agreed to pay him $125,000 and pay $25,000 in legal expenses on his behalf, following the expiration of a seven-day statutory period. Further, Mr. Dreher agreed to consult for us on an as-requested, mutually agreed basis (not to exceed four hours per month). Thereafter, Mr. Dreher is entitled to receive $540, 000 in consulting fees consisting of 30 monthly payments of $18,000, commencing January 31, 2009. Mr. Dreher is also entitled to continuation of certain insurance coverage. We also agreed to allow Mr. Dreher to continue to vest in stock options granted to him and to disregard the expiration of options that would have occurred upon termination of employment. The Severance Agreement contains other terms and conditions standard and customary for the retirement of executive officers. On November 4, 2008 Douglas C. MacLellan was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. MacLellan does not have any employment agreement and is compensated at a base salary of $30,000 per month and he participates in the Company’s health insurance and other benefits available to executive officers. Additionally, Mr. MacLellan earned a bonus of $60,000 for the quarter ended December 31, 2008. On September 28, 2006, we entered into three-year employment agreements with Minghui Jia, one of our directors and Executive Vice-President of JPI, providing for a base salary of $156,000 per annum and a signing bonus of $50,000. Also on that date, we entered into a three-year employment agreement with Fang Zheng, President of JPI, providing for a base salary of $204,000 per annum and a signing bonus of $50,000. Effective January 1, 2008, Mr. Zheng’s base compensation was increased to $30,000 per month and Mr. Jia’s base compensation was increased to $20,000 per month. In February 2008, Messrs. Jia and Zheng each received an additional bonus of $25,000 each. Each of these agreements was with Radient Pharmaceuticals C orporation and both expired in August 2009. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Name (a) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) Option Exercise Price ($/Sh) (e) Option Expiration Date (f) Gary Dreher 60,001 — — 2.85 2/27/2011 200,000 — — 3.70 10/8/2011 172,000 — — 4.06 5/31/2012 262,500 37,500 — 3.45 3/3/2013 Douglas MacLellan 36,000 — — 2.85 2/27/2011 120,000 — — 3.70 10/8/2011 90,000 — — 4.06 5/31/2012 175,000 25,000 — 3.45 3/3/2013 Akio Ariura 40,000 — 3.70 10/8/2011 50,000 — 4.06 5/31/2012 43,750 6,250 — 3.45 3/3/2013 Frank Zheng 43,750 6,250 — 3.45 3/3/2013 Minghui Jia 43,750 6,250 — 3.45 3/3/2013 107 Name Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares of Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (a) (g) (h) (i) (j) Gary Dreher 0 0 0 0 Douglas MacLellan 0 0 0 0 Akio Ariura 0 0 0 0 Frnak Zheng 0 0 0 0 Minghui Jia 0 0 0 0 2008-2009 Performance and Equity Incentive Plan On January 7, 2009, we adopted a new performance based incentive plan, entitled the 2008-2009 Performance and Equity Incentive Plan ( “Performance Plan”) for key executives that is based on meeting specific comprehensive net income targets established by the Board of Directors. The Performance Plan authorizes us to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of our common stock. The Performance Plan was not approved by our stockholders and all shares issued or options granted under the Performance Plan were cancelled. Director Compensation The following table contains information regarding the compensation of our directors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2009: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Option Awards ($) (2) Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All other Compensation ($) Total ($) William M. Thompson, III, MD $ 1,000 $ 24,000 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 25,000 Michael Boswell $ 37,500 $ 24,000 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 61,500 Edward R Arquilla, MD, PhD $ 15,500 $ 24,000 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 39,500 ____________ (1) On January 7, 2009, the Company granted 40,000 shares of common stock to each of the Company’s three independent directors, subject to stockholder approval. The grant was based on performance through 2008. On August 21, 2009, the Company’s stockholders approved the total grant of 120,000 shares of common stock and approximately $72,000 in expense has been recorded based on the tock price at August 21, 2009. (2) The value of option awards included in this column r eflects the dollar amount of the grant date fair value of awards granted during the respective fiscal years, measured in accordance with ASC 718. As a result of changes to the rules relating to these disclosures, the fiscal year 2008 amounts have been revised from the amounts reported in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 to reflect the grant date fair value of the options or stock granted, rather than the expense recognized for financial reporting purposes. The values included within this column have not been, and may never be realized. The options might never be exercised and the value received, if any, by the director, will depend on the share price on the exercise da te. The assumptions used by the Company with respect to the valuation of the option awards are set forth in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included herein. Effective June 1, 2009, in connection with across-the-board comprehensive cost containment measures, our Board of Directors voted to reduce fees paid to independent directors to $2,500 for in-person attendance and $500 for telephonic attendance at Board meetings. As Chairman of our Compensation Committee and of our Audit Committee, Mr. Boswell will receive an additional $10,000 per year and, as Chairman of our Governance Committee, Dr. Thompson will receive an additional $1,000 per year. 108 We indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law so that they will be free from undue concern about personal liability in connection with their service to us. This is permitted by our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table shows the beneficial ownership of our shares of Common Stock as of April 30, 2010, 2010 by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors and executive officers and (iii) all directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, the beneficial owners listed in the table have sole voting and investment powers of their shares. Name and Address(1) Number of Shares Percentage Owned Douglas C. MacLellan 446,000 ( 2) 1.5 % Akio Ariura 140,000 (3) * William M. Thompson III, M.D. 220,000 ( 4) * 408 Town Square Lane Huntington Beach, CA 92648 Edward R. Arquilla, M.D., Ph.D. 136,494 ( 5) * Department of Pathology University of California — Irvine Irvine, CA 92697 Minghui Jia 1,022,672 ( 6) 3.4 % Room 2502 Shun Hing Square 5002 Shennan Ave LuoHu Shenzhen China 518008 Fang Zheng 1,022,672 (7) 3.4 % Room 2502 Shun Hing Square 5002 Shennan Ave LuoHu Shenzhen China 518008 Jade Capital Group 972,672 ( 8) 3.2 % Room 2502 Shun Hing Square 5002 Shennan Ave LuoHu Shenzhen China 518008 Mike Boswell 40,000 * 400 Professional Drive Suite 310 Gaithersburg, MD 20879 All Directors and Officers as a group (6 persons) 2,055,166 ( 6.6 % ____________ (1) Unless otherwise indicated, address is 2492 Walnut Avenue, Suite 100, Tustin, California, 92780. (2) Includes, 446,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options at $0.75 per share. (3) Includes 140,000 shares of common stock issuable on exercise of options at $0.75 per share. 109 (4) Includes, 180,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options at $0.75 per share. (5) Includes, 80,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options at $0.75 per share. (6) Includes 972,672 shares held in the name of Jade Capital Group Limited of which Mr. Jia is a director and principal stockholder and 50,000 shares of common stock exercisable at $3.45 per share. (7) Includes 972,672 shares held in the name of Jade Capital Group Limited of which Mr. Zheng is a director and principal stockholder, options to purchase 220,000 shares of common stock exercisable at $2.95 per share and 50,000 shares of common stock exercisable at $0.75 per share. (8) Includes 100,000 shares held in escrow held by a third party for the issuance by the SFDA of a permit or the equivalent regulatory approval for the Company to sell and distribute ONKO-SURE tm in the PRC. Amendment No. 3 to the Escrow agreement was executed on March 24 2009 extending the required approval date to March 28, 2010. (9) Includes 946,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options at $0.75 per share. Transactions With Related Persons, Promoters And Certain Control Persons We have not entered into any transactions during the last two fiscal years with any director, executive officer, director nominee, 5% or more shareholder, nor have we entered into transactions with any member of the immediate families of the foregoing person (include spouse, parents, children, siblings, and in-laws) nor is any such transaction proposed, except as follows: During 2008, the Company advanced approximately $650,000 to KangDa in the form of a note receivable. One of the shareholders of KangDa is a current key employee of the Company. The note relates to taxes resulting from the Company’s 2006 acquisition of JPI that were the responsibility of the seller. JJB made the payment on behalf of KangDa. The note bore interest at the rate of 6% per annum, and provided for the repayment of amounts due in three equal monthly installments, starting in September 2008, with interest payable in the last installment. The note was guaranteed by three employee/shareholders and collateralized by 220,000 shares of the Company’s common stock that they own or control, and was repaid in full at December 31, 2008. Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions Given our small size and limited financial resources, we do not have formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officers, directors and significant shareholders. However, we intend that such transactions will, on a going-forward basis, be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our board of directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. Promoters and Certain Control Persons None of our management or other control persons were “promoters” (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act), and none of such persons took the initiative in the formation of our business or received any of our debt or equity securities or any of the proceeds from the sale of such securities in exchange for the contribution of property or services, during the last five years. Non-management members of the Board of Directors conduct at least one regularly scheduled meeting per year without members of management being present. Mr. Boswell serves as the presiding director of such meetings. Following an executive session of non-employee directors, the presiding director may act as a liaison between the non-employee directors and the Chairman, provide the Chairman with input regarding agenda items for Board and Committee meetings, and coordinate with the Chairman regarding information to be provided to the non-employee directors in performing their duties. 110 Director Independence Under the Company’s corporate governance principles (the “Corporate Governance Principles”), a majority of the Board will consist of independent directors. An “independent” director is a director who meets the NYSE Amex definition of independence and other applicable independence standards under SEC guidelines, as determined by the Board. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee conducts an annual review of the independence of the members of the Board and its Committees and reports its findings to the full Board. Based on the report and recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee, the Board has determined that each of the non-employee directors — Dr. Arquilla, Mr. Boswell, and Dr. Thompson — satisfies the independence criteria (including the enhanced criteria with respect to members of the Audit Committee) set forth in the applicable NYSE Amex listing standards and SEC rules. Each Board Committee consists entirely of independent, non-employee directors. For a director to be considered independent, the Board must determine that the director does not have any direct or indirect material relationships (including vendor, supplier, consulting, legal, banking, accounting, charitable and family relationships) with Radient, other than as a director and shareholder. NYSE Amex listing standards also impose certain per se bars to independence, which are based upon a director’s relationships with Radient currently and during the three years preceding the Board’s determination of independence. The Board considered all relevant facts and circumstances in making its determinations, including the following: · No non-employee director receives any direct compensation from Radient other than under the director compensation program described in this proxy statement. · No immediate family member (within the meaning of the NYSE Amex listing standards) of any non-employee director is an employee of Radient or otherwise receives direct compensation from Radient. · No non-employee director (or any of their respective immediate family members) is affiliated with or employed in a professional capacity by Radient’s independent accountants. · No non-employee director is a member, partner, or principal of any law firm, accounting firm or investment banking firm that receives any consulting, advisory or other fees from Radient. · No Radient executive officer is on the compensation committee of the board of directors of a company that employs any of our non-employee directors (or any of their respective immediate family members) as an executive officer. · No non-employee director (or any of their respective immediate family members) is indebted to Radient, nor is Radient indebted to any non-employee director (or any of their respective immediate family members). · No non-employee director serves as an executive officer of a charitable or other tax-exempt organization that received contributions from Radient. Non-management members of the Board of Directors conduct at least one regularly-scheduled meetings per year without members of management being present. Mr. Boswell serves as the presiding director of such meetings. Following an executive session of non-employee directors, the presiding director may act as a liaison between the non-employee directors and the Chairman, provide the Chairman with input regarding agenda items for Board and Committee meetings, and coordinate with the Chairman regarding information to be provided to the non-employee directors in performing their duties. ITEM 11 A. MATERIAL CHANGES None. ITEM 12. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE None. Item 12A. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officers or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by that director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether that indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of that issue. 111 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth the costs and expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, to be paid by the Registrant in connection with the issuance and distribution of the common stock being registered. All amounts other than the SEC registration fee are estimates. SEC Registration Fee $ $4,972.54 Printing and Engraving Expenses $ Legal Fees and Expenses $ Accounting Fees and Expenses $ Miscellaneous $ Total $ ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS A Section 8.02 of our Bylaws provides that each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative ("proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative is or was one of our directors or officers, employees or agents or is or was serving at our request as a director or officer, employee or agent of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other c apacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless to the fullest extent authorized by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Such right includes the right to be paid by the Company for expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that the payment of such expenses in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined ultimately that such officer or director is not entitled to be indemnified under our the laws. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the registrant, pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the Registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES During the past three years, we effected the following transactions in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the Securities Act as amended. Unless stated otherwise; (i) that each of the persons who received these unregistered securities had knowledge and experience in financial and business matters which allowed them to evaluate the merits and risk of the receipt of these securities, and that they were knowledgeable about our operations and financial condition; (ii) no underwriter participated in, nor did we pay any commissions or fees to any underwriter in connection with the transactions; (iii) the transactions did not involve a public offerings; and (iv) each certificate issued for these unregistered securities contained a legend stating that the securities have not been registered under the Act and setting forth the res trictions on the transferability and the sale of the securities. The Company has funded its operations primarily through a series of Regulation S and Regulation D companion offerings (the “Offerings”), as described below. The Offerings have consisted of units of one share of common stock and warrants to purchase a number of shares of common stock equal to one-half the number of shares of common stock included in the units (“Units”) and units of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock (“Full Units”). The Units and Full Units are priced at a discount of 25% from the average closing prices of the Company’s common stock for the five consecutive trading days prior to the close of the offering, as quoted on the NYSE Amex exchange, and the exercise price of the warrants is set at 115% of the average closing price. Un less otherwise noted below, the warrants issued in the Offerings are exercisable at the date of issuance and expire three years from issuance. II-1 For all of the Offerings, the Company utilized the placement agent services of Galileo Asset Management, S.A. (“Galileo”), a Swiss corporation for sales to non-U.S. persons. In the United States, the Company has utilized the placement agent services of FINRA (formerly NASD) member broker-dealers Havkit Corporation (“Havkit”), Securities Network, LLC (“Network”) and Spencer Clarke, LLC (“Spencer Clarke”), and licensed sub agents working under Spencer Clarke. In addition to commissions and expenses paid to the Company’s placement agents for each of the Offerings, as described below, the Company has agreed to pay cash commission of 6% upon exercise of the warrants by the purchasers. April 2007 Offering In April through June of 2007, the Company conducted two closings of a private placement (the “April 2007 Offering”) of Units. The Company received $5,330,378 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of 2,030,620 Units in the April 2007 Offering. The Units were sold at $2.625 per Unit and the warrants are exercisable at $3.68 per share. Each warrant became exercisable on October 31, 2007 and remains exercisable until October 31, 2010. In connection with the April 2007 Offering, the Company utilized the services of Galileo and Network. For their services, Galileo and Network received commissions in an aggregate of $553,539 and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 203,062 shares of the Company’s stock. The Company also paid Galileo a non-accountable expense allowance of $160,000. In addition, the Company incurred legal and other costs totaling $44,333 in connection with the April 2007 Offering. Total costs associated with the April 2007 Offering were $757,872, which costs have been netted against the proceeds received. After the closing of the April 2007 Offering, the Company filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the shares of the Company’s common stock, shares issuable upon exercise of the related investor warrants, and shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued to the placement agents. The registration statement was declared effective on June 29, 2007. December 2007 Offering In December, 2007, the Company conducted the closing of a private placement (“December 2007 Offering”) of Units. The Company received approximately $6,203,200 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of 2,007,508 Units in the December 2007 Offering. The Units were sold at $3.09 per Unit. The exercise price of the four-year warrants issued as part of the December 2007 Offering was $4.74 per share. In connection with the December 2007 Offering, we utilized the placement services of Galileo and Spencer Clarke. For their services, Galileo and Spencer Clarke received commissions and due diligence fees of an aggregate of $619,158 and warrants to purchase 200,751 shares of our common stock. The Company also paid the placement agents a non-accountable expense allowance of $150,000 and incurred $16,750 in other costs in connection with the December 2007 Offering. Total costs associated with the December 2007 Offering were $785,908, which costs have been netted against the proceeds received. On March 5, 2008 the Company conducted the second closing of the December 2007 Offering. In the second closing the Company received $1,000,000 in aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of a total of 323,813 Units at $3.09 per Unit and issued warrants to purchase 161,813 shares at an exercise price of $4.74 per share. The Company did not utilize the services of a placement agent, however, in connection with the second closing of the December 2007 Offering, the Company paid a finder’s fee of $100,000, and incurred $39,584 in other costs. Total costs associated with the second closing of the December 2007 Offering were $139,584, which costs have been netted against the proceeds received. After the closing of the December 2007 Offering, the Company filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the shares of the Company’s common stock, shares issuable upon exercise of the related investor warrants, and shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued to the placement agents. The registration statement was declared effective on April 22, 2008. 10% Convertible Note Financing On September 15, 2008, we conducted the closing of a combined private offering of 10% Convertible Notes (the “10% Convertible Note Offering”) under Regulation D and Regulation S of $2,510,000 of 10% Convertible Promissory Notes (the “10% Convertible Notes”), maturing at the earlier of (i) upon the closing of a Qualified Public Offering of our common stock (as defined below), if not mandatorily converted at the closing, or (ii) September 15, 2010 (the “Maturity Date”). For purposes thereof, “Qualified Public Offering” shall mean an equity offering of not less than $25 million in gross proceeds. The 10% Convertible Notes bear interest at the annual rate of ten percent (10%) which shall accrue and be payable on the Maturity Date. I f all of the principal amount of a 10% Convertible Note has not been voluntarily converted by the holder or a Qualified Public Offering causing a mandatory conversion shall not have occurred prior to the Maturity Date, the note holder shall receive additional interest (“Bonus Interest”) equal to fifty percent (50%) of the remaining principal amount of the 10% Convertible Note on the Maturity Date. Any unpaid Bonus Interest shall accrue interest thereafter at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum thereon until paid. II-2 The holders of the 10% Convertible Notes have the right to convert the entire principal and accrued interest of the 10% Convertible Notes into the common stock of the company at any time prior to the Maturity Date at $1.20 per share. Upon conversion of the 10% Convertible Notes into common stock of the Company, the Company shall issue warrants to purchase common stock (“Investor Warrants”) to the converting investors in the amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the number of shares of common stock into which the 10% Convertible Notes were converted. The Investor Warrants have a term of five (5) years from the date of issuance and shall be exercisable at a price equal to 120% of the Company’s stock price on the date of conversion; however, in no case will the exercise price be less than $2.80 . The shares of common stock issuable upon a voluntary conversion of the 10% Convertible Notes carry so-called “piggy-back” registration rights should the Company file a registration statement in the future. In the event of a forced conversion into common shares in the event of a Public Offering, holders of the 10% Convertible Notes will be subject to a lock-up on any remaining shares not sold in the offering for ninety (90) days after the Public Offering. In connection with the offer and sale of the Notes in the 10% Convertible Note Offering, we relied on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), Regulation S and Regulation D, Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. We believe that all of the purchasers of Convertible Notes are “accredited investors,” as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. In connection with the sale of 10% Convertible Notes, we utilized the services of Jesup & Lamont Securities Corporation and Dawson James Securities, Inc., FINRA (NASD) member broker-dealers (the “Placement Agents”). For their services, the Placement Agents received commissions of 10% of the amount of the notes sold and the Placement Agents received an aggregate of $313,750 (2.5%) as due diligence and non-accountable expenses. We incurred an additional $111,849 in legal and other expenses related to the issuance of the Convertible Notes. The Placement Agents and their assigns also received five year warrants (“Placement Agent Warrants”) to purchase up to 209,166 shares of the Company’s common stock exercisable at $2.69, representing 115% of the five day volume-weighted average price of t he Company’s common stock up through and including September 12, 2008. The terms of these warrants require that we issue additional warrants in the case of certain dilutive issuances of our common stock through the first quarter of 2009. The number of additional warrants to be issued is based on the percentage decrease in share price of the dilutive issuance compared to the exercise price of the warrants. 12% Convertible Note Financing March and April 2010 On March 22, 2010, we entered into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement with one accredited investor. Pursuant to the Agreement, we issued the Lender a 12% Convertible Promissory Note (“Note”) in the principal amount of $925,000 and a five year warrant (“Warrant”) to purchase up to 1,100,000 shares of our Common Stock. The Warrant is initially exercisable at the higher of: (i) 105% of the average VWAP for the five trading days immediately preceding the date we issued the Warrant; and (ii) the Floor Price (the same as in the Note) in effect on the date the Warrant is exercised. The Note carries a 20% original issue discount. In addition, we agreed to pay $200,000 to the Lender to cover their transaction costs incurred in connection with this transaction; such amount was withheld from the loa n at the closing of the transaction. As a result, the total net proceeds we received were $540,000. We relied on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. We believe that all of the purchasers are “accredited investors,” as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act. The Conversion Price of the Convertible Promissory Note is equal to 80% of the volume-weighted average price for the 5 trading days ending on the business day immediately preceding the applicable date the conversion is sought but will be at least $0.28 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. The transaction with the Lender was the “First Closing” of a series of similar transactions in April 2010, which together are hereinafter referred to as “March-April 2010 12% Convertible Note Financing.” On April 8, 2010, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to enter into additional Purchase Agreements to issue up to an additional $7,500,000 of 12% Convertible notes and to issue warrants to issue up to an additional 15,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock pursuant to the March-April 2010 12% Convertible Note Financing. On April 8, 2010, we entered into Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements (the “Agreements”) with 24 accredited investors (“Lenders”) in the “Second Closing” of the sale of 12% Convertible Notes (“Second Closing Notes”) and Warrants. Pursuant to the Agreements, we issued to the Lenders Convertible Promissory Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5,524,425 May 3and warrants to purchase up to 6,569,585 shares of our Common Stock (“Warrants”). The Second Closing Notes mature on April 7, 2011 (“Maturity Date”). The Second Closing Notes contain original issue discounts and fees payable by us aggregating $2,199,425. As a result, the total net proceeds we received were $3,225,000. The Agreements, Notes and Warrant s, as well as the terms of this transaction, are substantially the same as those we issued to the investor in the First Closing on March 22, 2010, as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2010. II-3 As of the Second Closing, we had 26,851,069 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The Agreements include an addendum that prohibits us from issuing more than 594,528 shares to the Lenders, unless we receive stockholder approval and NYSE Amex approval to list and issue all shares issuable: (i) upon exercise of all of the Warrants at $0.38 per share, (ii) all of the Notes are converted at that same price (which is the lowest price possible, although the initial conversion price is 80% of the five day volume weighted average closing price of our common stock preceding the date of conversion) and (iii) no shares are issued in payment of interest. We are required under the terms of the Notes to obtain stockholder approval, on or before July 15, 2010, of the issuance of all shares of our common stock issuable pursua nt to the Notes and Warrants. If we fail to obtain such approval, an Event of Default under the Notes shall occur. We are also obligated to receive listing approval from NYSE Amex for the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note and exercise of the Warrant as soon as practicable after closing, but in no event later than May 1, 2010. On April 13, 2010, we entered into Additional Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements (“Additional Agreements”) with eleven accredited investors (“Lenders”) in a “Third Closing” of the March-April 2010 Convertible Note Financing. Pursuant to the Additional Agreements, we issued to the Lenders additional Convertible Promissory Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $3,957,030 (“Third Closing Notes”) and warrants to purchase up to 4,705,657 shares of our Common Stock (“Warrants”). The Third Closing Notes mature on April 12, 2011 (“Maturity Date”). The conversion price of the Third Closing Notes is the higher of (i) 80% of the five day volume weighted average closing price of our common stock preceding the date of conversion, or (ii) $0.28 per share.& #160;We agreed to pay to the Lenders one-sixth of the principal amount of the Notes each month commencing on the six month anniversary of the Notes and the balance of the unpaid principal of the Notes on the one year anniversary date of the Notes. The Notes contain original issue discounts and fees payable by us aggregating $1,646,980. As a result, the total net proceeds we received in the Third Closing were $2,310,000. The exercise price of the Warrants issued in the third closing is $0.69 per share. On April 27, 2010, in the “Fourth Closing,” other accredited investors purchased an aggregate of $685,170 of principal amount of 12% Convertible Notes (“Fourth Closing Notes”) and the Company issued additional warrants to purchase an aggregate of 814,798 shares of the Company’s Common Stock on terms substantially the same as the First Closing, Second Closing and Third Closing. As part of the Fourth Closing, investors in the 2009 Registered Direct Offering exercised their Right of Participation” and purchased $599,525 of Notes and the Company issued to them warrants to purchase 712,749 shares of the Company’s Common Stock exercisable at $0.28 per share. The warrants sold to the new investors in the Fourth Closing are exercisable at $0.89 per share. The net proceeds from the Fourth Closing was approximately $400,000. The Agreements, Notes and Warrants, as well as the terms of this transaction (other than the exercise price of the warrants) in the Second Closing, Third Closing and Fourth Closing, are substantially the same as those we issued to the investor in the First Closing pursuant to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreements we entered into on March 22, 2010. We are required under the terms of the Notes to obtain stockholder approval, on or before August 31, 2010, of the issuance of all shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to the Notes and Warrants in this financing. If we fail to obtain such approval, an Event of Default under the Notes shall occur. We are also obligated to receive listing approval from NYSE Amex for the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note and exercise of the Warrant as soon as practicable after Closing, but in no event later than May 1, 2010. A listing application will be prepared and filed with the NYSE Amex. Any shares of Common Stock issuable in any of the Closings in excess of NYSE Amex Rule 713 so-called “19.99% Cap” will require stockholder approval. No stockholder approval has been solicited or obtained as of the date hereof. The Company intends to file an additional listing application with the NYSE Amex to list all of the shares of the Company’s Common Stock issuable on conversion of the 12% Convertible Notes and on exercise of the warrants issued in the Second Closing and the Third Closing. The Company also intends to seek stockholder approval for a waiver of the 19.99% Cap on such shares. Non-Cash Financing Activities On March 2, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 190,000 shares of common stock to Boston Financial Partners, Inc. pursuant to an amendment to the consulting agreement dated September 16, 2003, as consideration for financial advisory services to be provided from March 1, 2007 through September 1, 2007. The shares were valued at $558,600 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company recorded selling, general and administrative expense of $558,600 related to the agreement. Also on March 2, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 150,000 shares of common stock to First International pursuant to an amendment to the consulting agreement dated July 22, 2005, as consideration for financial advisory services to be provided from March 22, 2007 through September 22, 2007. The shares were valued at $517,500 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. During the year ended December, 2007, the Company recorded selling, general and administrative expense of $517,500. II-4 On April 24, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of warrants to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock to Brook street Securities Corporation, a consultant, as consideration for financial advisory services. The common shares issuable on exercise of the warrants are exercisable at $3.68 per share. The warrants were valued at $35,000 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) no dividend yield, (ii) weighted-average volatility of 123% (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 4.88%, and (iv) weighted-average expected life of 1 year. The amount was charged to general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2007. On September 14, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 250,000 shares of common stock to First International pursuant to an amendment to the consulting agreement dated July 22, 2005, for financial advisory services to be provided from September 22, 2007 through September 22, 2008. The shares were valued at $817,500 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. The Shares were issued pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriter was involved in this issuance. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded selling, general and administrative expense of $592,687 and $224,813, respectively, related to the agreement. The Company issued 10,000 options to a consultant and an investor during the year ended December 31, 2007 which resulted in compensation expense of $35,300 which is included in selling, general and administrative expense. In pricing these options, the Company used the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: expected volatility of 353%; risk-free interest rate of 4.92%; expected term of five years; and dividend yield of 0%. On November 27, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 75,000 shares of common stock to Boston Financial Partners Inc. pursuant to an amendment to the consulting agreement dated September 16, 2003, for financial advisory services to be provided from November 1, 2007 through October 31, 2008. The shares were valued at $336,000 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Company recorded selling, general and administrative expense of $280,000 and $56,000, respectively, related to the agreement. On November 27, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of up to 300,000 shares of common stock, to be earned at the rate of 25,000 shares per month to Madden Consulting, Inc. for financial advisory services to be provided from December 26, 2007 through December 26, 2008. The first 25,000 shares were valued at $104,250 based on the trading price of the common stock on the measurement date. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company recorded selling, general and administrative expense of $104,250 related to the agreement and the issuance of the first 25,000 shares. A second 25,000 shares was earned in 2008, resulting in expense of $104,250, and the agreement terminated on January 28, 2008. On February 5, 2008, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 300,000 shares of common stock to LWP1 pursuant to a consulting agreement dated February 3, 2008 for financial advisory services to be provided from February 3, 2008 through May 3, 2009. The shares are issuable in two increments of 150,000. The shares vest over a fifteen month period and are being valued monthly as the shares are earned based on the trading price of the common stock on the monthly anniversary date. In accordance with FASB ASC 505-50-30, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees, (“ASC 505-50-30”), the shares issued will be periodically valued through the vesting period. During the year ended December 31, 2008, the Company recorded general and admini strative expense of $527,801 related to the agreement. On April 30, 2008, the Company extended the term of warrants to purchase 18,750 shares of common stock at $3.68 per share to October 31, 2009. The warrants were held by an investor/service provider. The Company recorded $18,375 in compensation expense related to the term extension, calculated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 79%; risk-free interest rate of 2.37%; expected term of 1.5 years; and dividend yield of 0%. On May 16, 2008, the Company settled litigation related to the termination of an agreement regarding a proposed private placement. In connection with the settlement, the Company paid $12,500 in cash, and issued 25,000 shares of unregistered common stock with a deemed value of $75,000, based on the ten-day volume weighted-average price of the Company’s common stock through May 8, 2008. The value of the cash and shares issued in the settlement is included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2008. II-5 On June 17, 2008, the Company entered into an agreement for financial consulting services. In connection with the agreement, the Company granted warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.50. The warrants, which were approved by the Company’s board of directors, were granted in partial consideration for financial consulting services, vest over a twelve month period, and expire in five years. The warrants were initially valued at $315,000, based on the application of the Black Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 95%; average risk-free interest rate of 3.66%; expected term of 5 years; and dividend yield of 0%. In accordance with ASC 505-50-30, the warrants will be periodically revalued through the vesting period. The value of the warrants is being expensed over the 36 month term of the consulting contract. The Company recognized $19,478 of expense in the year ended December 31, 2008 with respect to the warrants. Additionally, $68,773 related to vested warrants which have not been expensed based on the 36 month term of the consulting agreement is included in prepaid consulting at December 31, 2008. On January 22, 2009, we entered into an agreement with B&D Consulting for investor relations services through July 7, 2010. We granted B&D Consulting 400,000 shares of our common stock in exchange for services, subject to the approval for listing of the shares by the NYSE Alternate US. NYSE Amex approval was received on March 26, 2009 and the shares were issued on March 31, 2009. The value of the shares will be expensed during the periods in which services are provided in exchange for the share-based compensation. On February 2, 2009, our Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 12,500 shares of our common stock to an investor relations consultant for services under a consulting agreement, subject to the approval for listing of the shares by the NYSE Amex. NYSE Amex approval was received on March 26, 2009 and the shares were issued on March 31, 2009. The value of the shares will be expensed during the periods in which services are provided in exchange for the share-based compensation. On September 10, 2009, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with Cantone Asset Management, LLC whereby the Consultant shall provide guidance and advice related to negotiating the terms of the Company’s outstanding Series 1 and Series 2 Senior Notes and continue services to assist the Company to coordinate with the holders of the Series 1 and Series 2 Senior Notes. In consideration of the Consultant’s service, we agreed to pay monthly consulting fees of $12,000 per month for a period of twelve (12) months and issue to the Consultant a five-year warrant to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $0.60 per share. The warrants were initially valued at $88,000, based on the application of the Black Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 97.27%; average risk-free interest rate of 238%; expected term of 5 years; and dividend yield of 0. In accordance with ASC 505-50-30, the warrants will be periodically revalued through the vesting period. The value of the warrants is being expensed over the term of the consulting contract. The Company recognized $25,666 of expense in the year ended December 31, 2009 with respect to the warrants. Additionally, $62,334 related to vested warrants which have not been expensed based on the 12 month term of the consulting agreement is included in prepaid consulting at December 31, 2009. On February 9, 2010 we issued 1,100,000 shares of our common stock to two consultants under consulting services agreements. The value of these issuances will be recorded in first quarter 2010 at fair market value based upon the then current fair market value of the stock. On April 20, 2010, we issued 2,200,000 shares of our common stock to various consultants for services under investor relations and consulting agreements and 160,714 shares in cancellation of indebtedness to one vendor of $45,000. The issuances will be recorded at their fair market value in the appropriate periods in 2010. II-6 ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES EXHIBITS The following exhibits are filed as part of this registration statement: Exhibit Number Description: 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1989.) 3.2 Bylaws of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1991.) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 1998.) 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 8, 2006. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s definitive Proxy Statement dated July 14, 2006.) 3.5 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1999.) 3.6 Certificate of Designations. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1999.) 9.1 Voting Trust Agreement by and between Jeanne Lai and Gary L. Dreher, as Co-Trustees, and Chinese Universal Technologies Co., Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 8-K dated December 26, 2000.) 10.1 Amendments to License Agreement between the Company and AMDL Canada, Inc., dated September 20, 1989, June 16, 1990 and July 5, 1990. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1990.) 10.2 The Company’s 1992 Stock Option Plan. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1991.) 10.3 Operating Agreement of ICD, L.L.C. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1993.) 10.4 Letter Agreement between the Company and BrianaBio-Tech, Inc. and AMDL Canada, Inc., dated February 7, 1995 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1993.) 10.5 The Company’s Stock Bonus Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1995.) 10.6 Employment Agreement between the Company and Gary L. Dreher dated January 15, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1997.) 10.7 Salary Continuation Agreement between the Company and That T. Ngo, Ph.D., dated May 21, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) 10.8 Salary Continuation Agreement between the Company and Thomas V. Tilton dated May 21, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) 10.9 Salary Continuation Agreement between the Company and Harry Berk dated May 21, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) 10.1 Salary Continuation Agreement between the Company and Gary L. Dreher dated May 21, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) 10.11 Agreement between the Company and William M. Thompson, M.D., dated May 21, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) 10.12 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement with That T. Ngo, Ph.D., dated July 1, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) 10.13 Agreement Relating to Salary deferral between the Company and Thomas V. Tilton dated July 1, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) II-7 Exhibit Number Description: 10.14 Agreement Relating to Salary deferral between the Company and Harry Berk dated July 1, 1998 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 1998.) 10.15 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Purchasers listed on the Purchaser Signature Pages attached thereto, dated February 17, 1999. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.16 The Company’s 1999 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.17 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and William M. Thompson, III, M.D., dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.18 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and Harry Berk dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.19 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and Edward Arquilla, M.D., dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.20 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and Thomas V. Tilton dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.21 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and Donald Rounds, dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.22 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and That T. Ngo, Ph.D., dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.23 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and Gary L. Dreher dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.24 Agreement Regarding Cancellation of Indebtedness between the Company and Douglas C. MacLellan dated July 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated October 15, 1999.) 10.25 Employment Agreement of Gary L. Dreher dated November 23, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1999.) 10.26 Consulting Agreement with That T. Ngo dated October 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1999.) 10.27 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Purchasers listed on the Purchaser Signature Pages attached thereto dated February 9, 2000 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1999.) 10.28 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 14, 2000 executed December 19, 2000 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 8-K dated December 26, 2000.) 10.29 Secured Promissory Note dated December 14, 2000, effective December 19, 2000 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 8-K dated December 26, 2000.) 10.30 Security and Pledge Agreement dated as of December 14, 2000, executed December 19, 2000 (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 8-K dated December 26, 2000.) 10.31 Voting Trust Agreement dated as of December 14, 2000, executed December 19, 2000. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 8-K dated December 26, 2000.) 10.32 Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated December 14, 2000, effective December 19, 2000. (Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Report on Form 8-K dated December 26, 2000.) 10.33 Technology Transfer Agreement effective July 30, 2001 between the Company and Lung-Ji Chang, Ph.D. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report on Form 8-K dated August 31, 2001.) II-8 Exhibit Number Description: 10.34 Executive Management Change in Control Severance Plan. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2001.) 10.35 The Company’s 2002 Stock Option Plan. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2002.) 10.36 The Company’s 2004 Stock Option Plan. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2004.) 10.37 Employment Agreement of Gary L. Dreher dated January 31, 2005. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Form 8-K filed February 1, 2005.) 10.38 Letter of Intent with Jade Capital Group Ltd. dated November 21, 2005. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 22, 2005.) 10.39 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Company and Jade Capital Group Limited dated May 12, 2006 and First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated June 30, 2006. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive Proxy Statement dated July 14, 2006.) 10.40 2006 Equity Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive Proxy Statement dated July 14, 2006.) 10.41 Escrow Agreement between the Company and Jade Capital Group Limited (dated as of the closing on September 28, 2006. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive Proxy Statement dated July 14, 2006.) 10.42 Opinion of Amaroq Capital, LLC dated May 9, 2006. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive Proxy Statement dated July 14, 2006.) 10.43 Amendment No. 1 to Escrow Agreement dated August 10, 2007. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2008) 10.44 Amendment No 2 to Escrow Agreement dated March 11, 2007 (Incorporated by reference from the Form 10-K filed April 15, 2009). 10.45 Employment Agreement of Gary L. Dreher dated March 31, 2008. (Incorporated by reference from the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2008) 10.46 Change in Control Severance Pay Plan. (Incorporated by reference from the Form 10-K filed March 31, 2008) 10.47 Product License, Distribution and Manufacturing Agreement with MGI dated March 28, 2008. (Incorporated by reference from the Company’s Form 8-K filed April 2, 2008.) 10.48 2008-2009 Performance Incentive Plan (Incorporated from the Company’s Form 8-K filed January 9, 2009) 10.49 Amendment No. 3 to Escrow Agreement dated March 24, 2008 (Incorporated by reference from the Form 10-K filed April 15, 2009.) 10.50 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated March 22, 2010 (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed March 26, 2010.) 10.51 Form of Note (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed March 26, 2010.) 10.52 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed March 26, 2010.) 10.53 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated March 22, 2010 (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed March 26, 2010.) 10.54 Commercial Lease dated August 30, 2008 for the premises at 2492 Walnut Avenue, Suite 100, Tustin, California 92780 filed herewith 10.55 Collaboration Agreement with Mayo Validation Support Services dated December 12, 2008 filed herewith 10.56 Exclusive Distribution Agreement between the Company and Grifols USA, LLC dated September 20, 2009 filed herewith 10.57 Distribution Agreement between the Company and Tarom Applied Technologies dated September 30, 2009 filed herewith 10.58 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed April 13, 2010.) II-9 Exhibit Number Description: 10.59 Form of Note (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed April 13, 2010.) 10.60 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed April 13, 2010.) 10.61 Form of Addendum to Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed April 13, 2010.) 10.62 Form of Exchange Agreement (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed March 16, 2010.) 10.63 Form of Waiver of Default dated February 16, 2010 (Incorporated by reference from the Form 8-K filed March 16, 2010.) 21.1 Subsidiaries of AMDL, Inc. include Jade Pharmaceutical Inc., a British Virgin Islands corporation, Jiangxi Jiezhong Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited, a China WFOE, Yangbian Yiqiao Bio-Chemical Pharmacy Company Limited, a China WFOE, and AMDL Diagnostics, Inc, a United States corporation. 23.1 Consent of KMJ Corbin & Company LLP. (Filed herewith.) 23.2 Consent of KMJ Corbin & Company LLP. (Filed herewith.) 24.1 Power of Attorney. (Included on signature page.) ________________ + Filed herewith. ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made pursuant to this Registration Statement, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933. (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offeri ng price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this Registration Statement or any material change to such information in this Registration Statement. II-10 (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new Registration Statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the Registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (5) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions described in Item 15 above, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling perso n in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-11 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Tustin, State of California on May 3, 2010. RADIENT PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION. By: /s/ Douglas MacLellan Name: Douglas MacLellan Title: CEO and Chairman POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Douglas C. MacLellan and Akio Ariura, or either of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Registration Statement on Form S-1 and any documents related to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereb y ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ DOUGLAS C. MACLELLAN President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) May 3, 2010 DOUGLAS C. MACLELLAN /s/ AKIO ARIURA Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and secretary (Principal Financial May 3, 2010 AKIO ARIURA Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ EDWARD R. ARQUILLA Director May 3, 2010 EDWARD R. ARQUILLA /s/ MICHAEL BOSWELL Director May 3, 2010 MICHAEL BOSWELL /s/ MINGHUI JIA Director May 3, 2010 MINGHUI JIA /s/ WILLIAM M. THOMPSON III Director May 3, 2010 WILLIAM M. THOMPSON III II-12
